- Y'all know how much I love hearing from all y'all out there. And I really got behind. in my correspondence between movin' into my son's. guest house, and COVID, and trying to get our. Dogwood house renovated. You know, I just got kinda out of kilter. So, I finally finished all. my corresponding yesterday that had been piling up on me. So, if you hadn't heard from me, it's because I've been in a... What would you call what I've been in? Not a funk. I've been displaced, you know - [Eddie] Pre-occupied. - Well, I feel displaced, you know. 'Cause I can't remember where anything is, but 98% of it is in storage. So, (chuckles) anyway- - [Eddie] At least we know were it all is. - Yeah, we know what seven bins, rooms, where everything is in. those seven container rooms. But I think it was just the other day. I reminded everybody. If you had a favorite. recipe of your family's, that you've been eatin' for years, that your family loves, send it in. And I would love to. share it with everybody, if you are willing to share it and naturally give you the credit for it. So, I just love the sound of this woman, Elizabeth Van Winkle. That's not a made-up. name, you'd reckon, Eddie. - [Eddie] No. - Wasn't it Rip Van Winkle Elizabeth, are you married to Rip? (Paula laughs) I bet she's so tired of. hearing that old joke. (Paula chuckles) I never met anybody named. Van Winkle besides Rip. Well, she sent me a wonderful. note, a lovely note. And she sent me a recipe. to share with y'all, and it's called Speedy Pineapple Cake or The Number Two Pineapple Cake. And that would be because. of the number two can of pineapple. So, she said, "You will not. believe how easy this is. You just mix all this. stuff together, in a bowl and put it in a 13 by nine by two dish and bake it at 350 for 35 minutes." But here's what she says, "Note for Ms. Paula, Theresa and Eddie. Throughout the quarantine,. and to this day, your 15 minute show on YouTube has been a bright light in a dark world. I love waking up and drinking my coffee to Love and Best Dishes. I thank Theresa and Eddie, for all their support behind the scenes and getting these vignettes. out to Paula's friends. Yes, a big thank you to. these two from me, as well. And of course, Ms. Paula. for being her shining self." Elizabeth, that is so sweet. And when I hear things like. that, that was our goal, to have people that were quarantined in an almost empty house, to be able to come in and. hopefully share some laughs and some good recipes. So, this one sounds incredible. So, here we go. The only thing, Elizabeth, that I don't know if I'm. gonna be able to do or not, is you say, "Put this. in an ungreased pan." But yet, there's no butter in this recipe. So, I'm just a little afraid it might... (drawer opens) All right now, where's my whisk? Where'd my whisk go? Who ate my whisk? That's a big one. - [Eddie] I see one,. right there on the left. - [Paula] Where is it? Ah, that's my favorite one. it's small and fits my hands. So, there's no butter or anything in this. So, I'm afraid it might stick, but I'm gonna do just what you said. Two cups of flour, (bowl clanks) and you see, I don't even. have a mixer out y'all. Two cups of sugar. I'm just gonna take my whisk. and whisk that together. She said, "Just mix all the ingredients and pour into an. ungreased nine by 13 pan." Okie doke, our two eggs, our baking soda. So, we just wanna whisk. those eggs up a little bit and then we're gonna add our 20 ounce can of crushed pineapple. Juice and all. (ingredients squishing) - I don't think you can. get any easier than this. Do you Eddie? - [Eddie] Mm-mm. (ingredients squishing) - Look at that it's done. - Now, I just gotta figure out how to get that gunk out of the whisk. I should not have put. that back down in there after I started adding my wet ingredients I should've just used that. strictly for the dry ones, but I didn't. Sometimes, I get ahead of myself. (Water running) So we got our oven pre-heatin' to 350, This wooden spoon'll get it mixed up good. (ingredients mixing) Perfect, okay, so where is our dish? Right here. Okay, so (chuckles) to. grease or not to grease? Elizabeth- - [Theresa] We have problems. with things stickin'. - Yes we do, but you know what? I trust her. So, I'm just gonna go for it. - [Eddie] Maybe the pineapple. adds extra moisture. - [Paula] That's what I'm thinkin'. Maybe that pineapple does somethin' crazy. And if it sticks only me. this time, then next time... But, you know, I tell y'all,. when you get a new recipe, and somebody shares a recipe with you, do it just like they say to do it. And then if you wanna change something', change it on that second round. So, there we go, 35 minutes, 350 for... Yeah, 35 minutes. I think I said it. So, Elizabeth, can't wait to taste your. quick and easy pineapple cake. Elizabeth Van Winkle sent me a recipe, that her family has made forever, The Quick Pineapple Sheet Cake. And now, I'm fixing to make the dressing, I mean the frosting,. (chuckles) this ain't no salad. I'm fixing to make the frosting to go on top of this quick pineapple cake. So, I'm gonna start by beating up one 8 oz package of softened cream cheese and one stick of butter. So, this is gonna be a really, what can I say, a really. intense cream cheese icing. Because we're only adding. one cup of powdered sugar. Where normally, for an 8. oz stick of cream cheese, you would use a one-pound bag, which is like, three and. half cups of powdered sugar. So, like I said, it's gonna. be a rich, intense flavor with the cream cheese. All right, so I'm just. gonna set that to the side. Uh-oh, I'm just gonna set. that to the side y'all. And when our cake comes out, I'm gonna try to cool. it rather quickly and- - [Theresa] We'll be back. - That is so good. I mean, it's really intense. You know, it reminds me of like, those cream cheese. rolls that you get, you know, that have cream cheese in the center. A cream cheese Danish. - Yeah.. - Yum. (Paula laughs) - That's what it reminds me of because it's really cream cheesy. Okie doke, so we'll get back together in, not too long, maybe 30 minutes. Elizabeth, I wanna go ahead. and just speak for everybody, thank you so much for sharing. this easy recipe with us. I mean, I've never thrown. a cake together that quick. And the icing looks just delicious. Now, we have let the cake cool and we're putting that wonderfully rich cream cheese icing on it. I'm just gonna spread that. And the cake is still just a. little bit warm underneath. So, I'm gonna put this. icing on it very quickly. And then I'm gonna put it. back in the refrigerator, so it can finish cooling. But not before I give it. just a wee little taste. (Paula chuckles) Right gang? - Yeah.. - Uh-huh! - [Paula] It's funny, if. you wanna see Theresa, just get to the end of a recipe. (Paula laughs) And you see where she's standing, Eddie? (Theresa laughs) - [Theresa] Especially the sweet ones. - [Paula] You wanna show everybody else where she' standing? - [Eddie] She's standing. behind me, after me, after I get my bite. - You can have your bite first,. especially on the sweets. - [Paula] That's where. I can find her, yes. 'Cause she likes a sweet as good as I do. (Michael speaks in background) What Michael? - [Theresa] He's bein' ugly. - [Paula] Well- - [Theresa] Yum, that looks good! - [Paula] I mean, it looks so good! - [Theresa] And it was so easy. - [Paula] So easy! I mean, when you don't. have to use a mixer, that is a bonus. - [Theresa] And besides,. probably crushed pineapple, most of that would be in your pantry. - [Paula] Yeah. - [Theresa] So, if you. just kept the fruit? - [Paula] Yeah. - [Theresa] Can, you'd be good to go. - [Paula] You could probably. open my pantry and find- - [Theresa] Crushed- - [Paula] Find some. pineapple in there, yes. 'Cause you never know. when you're gonna need something like that. So, what do you think Elizabeth? Did I do you right, girl? Beautiful, (chuckles) delicious! (Paula laughs) Poor Michael, I think he's mad. - [Theresa] He can't have any cake. - [Paula] Mm- hm, he can't have any cake. (Paula and Theresa giggle) (Michael sniffles) Oh, he's crying y'all (chuckles). All right, Theresa, there you go. - [Theresa] Oh my gosh. See, and I like it bein' just a teen- Oh, it's not that warm. - [Paula] Eddie. - [Theresa] Oh, my God, this is good. - [Paula] Is it good? - [Theresa] It's so moist. - Well, I'm fixin' to find out. (Michael sniffles) You've got to stop cryin' over there. (Theresa laughs) Show 'em what he's doin', Eddie. (Michael sniffles) - [Theresa] He's still crying (laughs). - [Eddie] Well, that's. self infliction there, so. - [Theresa] The bomb, is this just not... and it caramelizes. - Thank you girl. Thank you, Elizabeth Van Winkle. This is... Just cover your ears, Michael. This is freaking out of this world. That's all I can say. - [Eddie] Yeah, great flavor. - How'd it get so moist with no butter, oil, or nothin'? - [Eddie] It reminds me of. that, on Steel Magnolias, that cup a, cup a, cup a. recipe that she talks about. Cup of fruit cocktail, cup. of sugar, cup of flour. (Paula and Eddie laugh) - Well-. - That's amazing. Thanks, thanks, thanks. - Elizabeth, thank you. You know, when somebody. shares a recipe with me, I'm always think, oh, well gosh. Wouldn't some so and so,. so, so, be good to it? No, honey. This one's perfect just the way it is. So, thank you honey. And you know what, it's not that sweet. - [Theresa] No, it's good. - It's not overpoweringly sweet. And it didn't stick, y'all. And I didn't spray it. - [Theresa] She knows her thing. She said that they've been. making it for 60 years. It's pretty tried and true. - Thank you, honey. That's all I got to. say, ain't go no words. But you are wonderful. You is wonderful!