- Happy Halloween. I'm going to be in this. kitchen for a solid week, the week of Halloween to make all these Halloween goodies. And I'm hoping that all. your little children are with your mama or daddy or your grandma and your granddaddy and you're watching so that. you can make these recipes with your family. Okay. This week I'm Paulaweena. And these glasses won't stay on my face so I'm going to take them off. And you know what we're fixing to do kids, you know at Halloween,. you get so much candy and you have candy left over don't you? Well, Paulaweena is. gonna show you what to do with that leftover candy. So you won't have to eat. it like all at one time. And somebody passed this recipe on to me I can't remember who it. was or where it came from, but it's a great way to. use up the leftover candy. So we're going to start, excuse me. The fog is getting to my throat. Wonder if it's real frog in there. I don't know. It's Halloween it could be. I'm going to start with. one stick of butter and like a half a cup of brown sugar. And you'll want to make. sure that your butter is kind of at room temperature,. softened a little bit. So we're just going to, make sure we beat this very, very well and incorporate our brown. sugar into our stick of butter. (mixer whirring) We want it to get really creamy. (mixer whirring) And then the next thing. we're going to add kiddos, is an eight ounce package. of softened cream cheese. I hope before the Halloween week is over that I can show you how. to make the neatest goblin and you use cream cheese for the goblin. My little ones love it. (mixer whirring) So y'all can see this is. going to be pretty soft. And the hardest part for. y'all is going to be waiting because going to have to. put this in the freezer for an hour and a half and let. it get really, really hard. All right, so there's a. half a cup of peanut butter and a teaspoon of vanilla and we're going to mix. that in really, really good with our cream cheese. Doesn't that look great? Now we're going to want. to take our spatula and come around our bowl and push all that down into the center so we can get every drop. of it mixed up real good. (mixer whirring) Now we're going to add our powdered sugar. I think it was like a cup and a half. Let me taste. (Paulaweena laughing) That's very good. (mixer whirring) I'm just trying to sling our cheese ball off of our beaters. That way I don't feel. compelled to have to eat it off the beaters, which is good. Now we're gonna stir in. You know those little buttercups, those little Reese's butter. cups that we had leftover. Well, we have chopped ours up and now we're going to stir it in to our cream cheese and. peanut butter mixture. Now here's the hard part. You see how soft this is. You could not even begin. to put it in a ball. It would stick to your. hands and be all messy. So we're going to have to cover this and put it in the freezer. for like an hour and a half. We're going to get it,. let it get real firm and then we're gonna. make this into a ball, and I've got another one. of our leftover candies that we're going to finish it of with. Okay, so our leftover. Halloween candy cheese ball. Now we had this in the freezer really for hour and a half I think,. wasn't it Theresa longer? - [Theresa] Yes.. - All right. So my hands, the warmth of my hands is helping to mold this into. a nice ball and it's sticky. So what we're going to do, 'cause I told you, I said, "We got one more. leftover Halloween candy that we're going to use." And this is our Reese's pieces. I'm going to have to wash my hands so I don't get this all. over our Reese's pieces. Reese's pieces (laughs). The older I get the harder. my tongue has to work. Alright, let's leave out that one. This will help me, doing it this way. So we're just going to take our ball and roll it all in our Reese's pieces until it's totally covered. And I'm helping it along. I'm kind of sticking them on. This is going to be one. pretty cheese ball kids. Theresa, we may need some more. - [Theresa] I got some-- - M&M is good. Uh-oh. They're hitting the thrower. Thank you girlfriend. Ain't that pretty? Looking so Halloweeney. Do I have it all covered. daddy, can you tell? - [daddy] That looks a bit (mumbles). You got a few spots on the bottom. - Few spots. - [Theresa] Yeah you might want to just-- - Oh yeah. Yeah, I see them now. Am I getting it? - [daddy] You look set. - Is your ball covered? - [daddy] I'm the dig in. - Yes. Alright. Now what are we going to put this on? Do we need a plate to put it on or just do it just like this? - [Theresa] This will be a cheese ball-- - How is that? - [Theresa] This will be a. cheese ball the kids will want. You know, some children. don't want cheese balls, but this one I think going to be-- - Y'all come get your bite. It's the first sweet. cheese ball I've ever had, but I tell you this, I don't. think it's going to be my last. This is my (mumbles) glasses. One of my ears is lower than the other. (laughing) Happy Halloween y'all.