- What does everybody think. about at Valentine's Day? There are people out there. that you can go on the web. And you can order. chocolate-covered strawberries, all different kinds, real. fancy ones, beautiful ones. But you know what, they. may not be as beautiful as those that we can order. that are done by artists. But it's fun, it's fun to do them at home. You can get your kids. in there to help you. Or if you have cooked. dinner for your husband or your wife, whatever the case, and you clear the plates for dinner, this would be so much fun to make your chocolate covered. strawberries together. I'm gonna put these in the microwave. And I'm gonna heat them. at 30-second intervals. Because this is, we're. melting just pure chocolate. There's gonna be no. other liquid added to it, so this is where you have. to pay very close attention. Milk chocolate can not. tolerate more than 85 degrees. Milk chocolate can not tolerate anything more than 87 or 88 degrees. And dark chocolate can tolerate. heat up to just 90 degrees. So, once you start overheating them, there's a good chance. they're gonna mess up on you. And you don't want ever add. a little milk to thin it out. Because it seizes up on you. And you could use it for concrete mix. So, I'm gonna put these chocolate wafers in the microwave for 30 seconds, and I'm gonna see what we've got. Now, before you dip your strawberries this is very, very, very important, that if you can buy the strawberries with a beautiful long stems on it. They can be hard to find. But if you can find those,. those help out a lot. To make up for being stemless,. Eddie has stuck toothpicks in all of them, so I'd have. something to hold onto to dip. But you'll want to wash. your strawberries really, really well, leaving. the green cap on them. Because that just adds color and interest. You'll want to dry them. Dry them very, very well. And then put them in your refrigerator. I would say keep them in the fridge, I mean, you could overnight wouldn't hurt. But, certainly, several hours for them to completely dry out. Because like I said a while ago, you mix any kind of liquid. with your melting chocolate, and it's gonna seize up on ya. - [Theresa] Seize! - Seize up on you! (laughs) Thank you, Theresa. - [Theresa] I was hoping. Eddie was gonna help you. - No, Eddie's quiet as a mouse. He's just gonna let me make a fool out of myself, aren't you? (laughs) Oh, I know it, and hopefully he gets some good blooper materials. (laughs) All right, so I'm gonna do that. So, those are the. important, important tips that you must follow in order to have a successful chocolate covered strawberry. All right, now our strawberries have been washed and. dried, like, overnight. And I think we were going. through the kitchen. And I've got these beautiful. white, the big grains of sugar that looked. like chipped up diamonds. And I shook a little of. this pink diamond dust. So, it colored it a little bit. I'm gonna try it like this. And if it needs it more I'll. pop it back in the microwave. All right, so here we go. How deep do we want to go? I think I'd want a little chocolate, I mean, a little strawberry showing. I think the ones that they. make like tuxedo shirts, you've seen those, haven't you? - [Eddy] Yeah, yeah. - All right, but this is. pretty right here to me. Just looks like diamonds,. diamonds in the sky. And you just want to. make sure that you put it on wax paper or parchment paper. And it will let you know. which side it wants to sit on. What do you think, Eddy? - Looks good!. - I think so, too. Ooh, I just wish I had a stem. Because these toothpicks. feel a little unstable. You see how they're spinning? See how they fall off?. - Yeah. - That's all right. That's all right. That's all right. (laughs) Keep telling yourself. Paula, it's all right. Okay, all right. I think I'm gonna, (laughs) I can't take the cap off with one hand. I think I'm gonna shake some red on this one and see what that looks like. I don't think a toothpaste. is gonna do the job, Eddy. I think we're gonna have. to maybe use something with a sharper point, like a fondue. And you can see that chocolate. gets sticky pretty quick, I mean, hard pretty quick. So, there we go. All right, we're gonna roll this one in sweet little pink hearts. And you have to be very,. very quick with your dipping. Because this gets hard so quick, then your glitters won't stick to it. But if you're an artist,. my gracious, you could go to town on this and have so much fun. Look at that, that's so pretty! Isn't that pretty? I just love the sugar that. looks like chopped up diamonds. - [Eddy] Yeah, it's like that. sugared fruit at Christmas. - Yes, yes, yes! Ooh, I'm definitely. gonna take some of these to the babies because they will love it. And you know what? The mother, the mothers. will be pretty happy too. Because, remember, it's. good for 'em, it's fruits. I ran the chocolate for another. 15 seconds in the microwave. So now it's working perfectly,. perfectly beautiful. Perfect! Look at that one. That's got the red and the. white diamonds, diamond dust. Well, I think this is so much fun. And I think it could really. be a fun family project. I had fun with my family,. my extended family. (laughs) Now, I'm gonna get the little sucker back. And I'm gonna suck up all them little white circles. of sugar off the floor. Eddy I feel struck! (laughs) - [Theresa] Yeah,. definitely walk over there. - Happy Valentine's!