- I'm so glad y'all. are here with me today. 'Cause you know why? I am gonna share with y'all how I make my homemade ice cream. And I'm telling you, your tongue will slap yo'. your brains out, honey. It is so, so good. So it's really, really. simple to make, y'all. I definitely recommend. using an electric churn. We don't do the crank handle anymore. We go the electric route, but the important thing is you've got to let your ice cream ripen. And when your churn starts laboring, then you know it's ready, and then you need to take your paddle out, drain all the water off, and pack it with lots of. ice and ice cream salt. So we'll get to that. when it's time to pack. But sometimes I do it different ways, but sometimes this is my. standard recipe, y'all, for vanilla ice cream, homemade vanilla. But since it's peach season, we're having, because I've been craving it so bad, we're gonna have peach ice cream. So we're gonna start with four eggs and a little over a tablespoon. maybe of lemon juice, and that lemon juice is gonna. help cook our yolks, our eggs. (blender buzzing) Okay, so let's talk about, and you could buy that egg substitute, or what, pasteurized eggs. that comes in a carton. You can use those. Now, if you wanted, if you don't like the. idea of using raw eggs, you can turn this into a. custard, an ice cream custard. And what would turn this into custard is cooking your base with your eggs in it, along with your milk and heavy cream. So I have no problem with the raw eggs. So I'm gonna do them just raw, but a cooked custard is. wonderful too, y'all. So in fact, when I make my mama's eggnog, she used the raw eggs. and didn't cook anything. But when I make my mama's. eggnog, I do, I cook it. I cook the custard part. So that's just a personal preference, but this is the way we do it, or the way we did it in Albany, Georgia. So I'm gonna add two. cups of sugar to my eggs. And I'm gonna beat that together. (blender buzzing) So I'm gonna add a tablespoon of Madagascar vanilla. Oh, I wish y'all were here to smell it. And now, because we're. making peach ice cream, I'm gonna use about a teaspoon of almond, and that almond flavoring,. y'all, it just brings out, it just brings out the. flavor of those peaches. Those two flavors just go together for me. All right. And I'm just gonna beat this. every time I add an ingredient. (blender buzzing) And Theresa got our freezer canister. She's actually got it in the freezer. So that's really gonna help. That's gonna kinda give us a head start. Okay, look how pretty that is. Talk about rich, homemade. vanilla ice cream. Wow. Now, I'm gonna add a can of. sweetened condensed milk. Look at that. You know if it's got this in. it, it's gonna be delicious. Eddie, have you ever. had homemade ice cream? - [Eddie] I have, yes. - [Paula] When did you have it? - [Eddie] Oh, I mean, I've had it- - [Paula] Since you've been down here, or? - [Eddie] Oh yeah, yeah, I've had it back- - [Paula] Or up North? - [Eddie] Back home, both. - [Paula] Y'all make. homemade ice cream up North? - [Eddie] Sure we do. (Paula laughing) - I didn't know if y'all knew how. You know what? If I'm lived where you lived, I would never, never. make homemade ice cream. Do you know why? - [Eddie] Why? - Because some of the best ice cream I've ever put in my mouth, we had a very crazy fluke winter one time. We were living in Columbus, Georgia, and we got 17 inches of snow, Eddie, and there was a little nanny. that stayed across the street that took care of these two little boys. Their mother had passed away. So I think her name was Eddie May. I'm not sure, but I loved her. And when it snowed, she said,. do you make snow ice cream? I said, no, I've never. Show me how. Well we just went out, and 17 inches of snow, y'all. I mean, I was up to my,. whatever these things, calf. No, not calves. My, above my knee. - [Eddie] Hamhocks. - Yeah, my hamhocks.. (Paula laughs) Yes. Maddy spent the night. with me the other night, and we threw hamhocks. That's when you throw your. legs all over each other. (Paula laughs) And oh, he's such a good cuddler. So anyway, all we did was put. in some vanilla flavoring, and we added one can of. sweetened condensed milk. And I'm telling you what, that was the best scream I'd ever tasted. And all you had to do is. go out and put you some, don't use yellow snow or brown snow. You'd want the real clean,. fluffy, not the hard snow. And it's delicious. So if I lived up North,. Eddie, during the winter, I would be big as the side of a barn 'cause I would have homemade. ice cream every day. - [Eddie] We made it when. we were in Minneapolis. - We did, didn't we? - [Eddie] Yeah, it was snowing like crazy, and we went out and scooped up some snow. - I forgot about that. - [Eddie] It was delicious, yeah. - I can't see snow without. wanting snow ice cream. So anyway, now we just added. our sweetened condensed milk. And to make snow cream, you. don't even have to add sugar because your sweetened. condensed milk makes it sweet. (blender buzzing) Okay. This is so easy to make, y'all. It really and truly is. All right, now I'm gonna. add one 12 ounce can of evaporated milk, evaporated milk, which this is the kind. of milk I like to use when I'm making my macaroni and cheese. Just makes wonderful macaroni and cheese. Now I've got three cups of. fresh peaches over here. Whoops, you get back in there. You ain't running from me. For the three cups of peaches, it really depends on how sweet. and ripe your peaches are. I added 3/4 cup of sugar. It's still a little bit tart. Normally, I will add one cup of sugar to whatever fruit I'm using, whether it's strawberries, pineapple. You may have to cut back a little. Aunt Peggy's favorite ice. cream in the whole world, they used to make all the. time, was pineapple ice cream. They loved it. And banana. And I tell you, another one. that I just loved so much, and that was cherry vanilla. And I would just get. the maraschino cherries, and cut them in half, and mix them in, and I made sure that. my ice cream was white. I liked my ice cream white with my chunks of the. frozen cherries in it. Oh my gosh, you can make chocolate. You can, just about anything. you want, you can make. All right, so now I'm gonna add, this is a cup and a half of heavy cream. So it's gonna be rich, y'all. You're gonna be rich. But if it wasn't rich,. it wouldn't be good. Alright, now we're gonna. add, this is about, this is like a cup and three quarters, but we're actually gonna. be adding more milk, y'all, because we're gonna pour. this into our canister. And then we're gonna. have to continue putting your whole milk in it till. it reaches your fill line on the canister of your ice cream machine. (blender buzzing) Look at that. Okay. Okay, okay!. (Paula laughs) Oh, I'm so excited. Now, for your peaches, some. people like big chunks. I like. I took my little meat cleaver and beat these with my meat cleaver, 'cause I like a chunk now and then, but then I like the kind of mashed up. So I'm gonna taste this and. see what we've got here. Wow. I wanna make sure all my sugar. is incorporated into that. Pow! Pow, cabow. Okay, now I'm gonna add in my peaches. Whoops. And I just wanna stir these because I don't want 'em. torn up a whole bunch, a whole bunch more. So there we go. Oh. Now you can put as many. peaches as you desire. If you like a bunch of. peaches, then add more. And just remember to, just remember to adjust the sugar. All right, where's that little paddle. - [Theresa] Here it is. - Thank you, thank you. - [Theresa] You're very welcome. - Okay, I'm gonna put this down in there, and there's a little niche. There's a little dimple down there that. I said, I wish all bowls. had pour spouts on 'em 'cause I'm kind of afraid. to pick this up and pour it. I don't wanna get it everywhere. Oh my goodness. I'm about to swallow my tongue, and my stomach, and everything else. - [Theresa] Don't do that. - 'Cause that little taste, oh. That little taste just got me to goin'. Okay, let's see if we can. find the fill line on that. Most of 'em have a fill line, Theresa. Like don't fill it past this. - [Theresa] Let me see. - [Paula] But I don't see one. See what you think. - [Theresa] I don't see one. - But usually you can. fill 'em about right there because it's gonna swell. All right, I'm gonna try to finish just pouring it. All right, so we gonna need. just a little bit more milk. Not a whole bunch, but just a little. Okay. You wanna make sure you get. all of that out because that- Theresa, would you- - [Theresa] Sure. - [Paula] Just give me a. hand holding up that bowl. It's so heavy. I wanna make sure I get all. that sugar that hadn't melted. - [Theresa] I know,. they're surprised by that. - Yeah.. (Paula laughs) They are to. Okay, now I just need some whole milk. And we're ready to start freezing. - [Theresa] There's your whole milk. - Thank you. - [Theresa] And here's your ice. - Okay, so about right there. Okay. - [Theresa] You don't have. to fill the whole thing up. Like if your recipe comes. with a little different- - But you know what? I'm gonna do a little bit more. There we go. Now that's a plenty right there. All right, so we need to put our lid, our lid on. Okay. And I think we have to take this off. Some of these machines. may be different, y'all. This is where a husband comes in handy. All right, I'm gonna take that off now so I can put it down in the tub. Husbands always get this part. And I would do the making of the cream. (Paula laughs) And then I would turn. over this churning process to the man of the house. Okay. All right, now we're gonna put, let's see. It tells you, we're making homemade ice cream. The temperature of the. liquid ice cream mixture needs to be lower than 32. degrees so that it will freeze. Works great to create a brine. with a melting thermometer. I was gonna see if I could tell y'all. Let's see, it says surround canister with several inches of crushed ice followed by rock salt using. a ratio of one part salt to eight parts and crushed ice. So as far as I'm concerned, you can't, you can't use too much salt. I guess it could make it. freeze prematurely, but. And you wanna make sure. that you don't get your salt down in that little hole. because our ice cream is there. Okay, here we go. Okay. Oh, you gotta love this ice. Okay. We are looking like professionals here. - [Theresa] I know! I'm impressed. - All right. The last layer of ice cream salt, and then we gonna crank this puppy up. It seems like, it's been a long time since. I've made ice cream, y'all, but it seems like it takes. like 30 minutes to churn. - [Theresa] It says 30, and I think it comes out. more as a soft serve. - Yes. - [Theresa] And then you. can put it in a container and let it harden as hard as you. - Yes, yes, yes. - [Theresa] Or as much as you want. But we're eating it at the soft serve. - Well, the thing is,. you have to let it ripen. - [Theresa] Oh, ripen. - Okay, now. - [Theresa] That's why I. just would make vanilla. - No, you've got to, when it's ready we will take, we will take the- - [Theresa] This in here. - Supposed to be, it snapped. Did it jump out? Okay, thank you. Okay. So I'm gonna show you what. it's gonna sound like. (ice cream machine buzzing) Yay! - [Theresa] I can tell. how excited you are. - Yes, I'm so excited. - [Theresa] Now, Paula, at what point should they check the ice? - Okay, we will, oh, we're gonna keep our eye on it, and we're gonna need. much more ice than that. - Okay. - Because the ice is gonna melt, and then we're gonna make. sure the water is drained off. Because we want it ice not water. And it should have a hole on it somewhere. - Right here. - The drain hole. Where is it? Yes. So we'll pour the melted. part out that hole. And when our ice cream is ready, we're gonna take our motor off and put our top back on after, after we take the paddle out. Because (Paula coughs) excuse me, if you let your ice cream. ripen with a paddle, is so hard to dip. So even though it's a pain in the behind, I like to go ahead and. take that paddle out and then drain my water off,. put more ice, more salt, and cover it. And mama, mama used to. have some floor rugs that had like the rubber backing. And of course they were clean. They were washed. But mama would put up on. after we packed it all down with a proper amount of salt and rice, salt and ice. And then I remember. her putting newspapers, real thick stack of. newspapers on top of that. So you want to keep that. is sealed up as you can, and then keep checking it because it probably needs to. ripen for about two hours. The best I can recall. But let me tell y'all something. It's work every bit of that two hour wait. So it's gonna be a while before. I get back to the ice cream, but I will see ya before this day's over. Okay, y'all, the ice cream. completely quit churning. So, look at this. Now this is my least favorite part, is taking that blade out. And I wanna make sure I. get salt in our ice cream. So here we go. Here we go. Oh, look at it. Oh, oh, oh, oh! Let's see, I don't wanna disturb it. I swear, I don't wanna disturb it. Oh my goodness. I don't know if I can. even get that out, Eddie. I don't think I'm strong enough. Why don't we just pick around the paddle? So this is real important, y'all, that you have that. little plug right there. Now let's find our hole. And it's right here. You can see, I filled. that ice cream churn up just perfect with ice cream, Eddie. 'Cause it swelled to the very top. Ooh, and that is some cold,. cold water coming out of there. So we wanna drain as much. of that water off as we can. Gotta make sure I got the. hole turned the right way. That looks pretty good. So I'm gonna, now, this is. our second box of salt, y'all. Our second box. All right, come on, you little devil. I'm gonna put another. good coat of salt on it. And then this is the second. 10-pound bag of ice, y'all. So you will need 20 pounds of. ice to make your ice cream. Okay. Now some more salt. All right, so I'm gonna reach down in here and get that salted ice. that I had to knock off. Okay. So now we've got that packed real good. And I told you that my mama used a rug with a rubber backing, a clean rug that was rubber backed. So I'm just looking for anything. that I can wrap over this to keep it as cool as we can. And we don't take a newspaper. So I don't even have newspapers. Okay, that's pretty, pretty dadgum good. Okay, I'm still gonna look. for one other something. So, I'll check this in about. an hour and a half maybe, (Paula laughs) but it looks so delicious. I'm just gonna be sorry that. I didn't take the effort to take that paddle out, but that's all right. Here's your spoon. Oh, please, to the ice cream gods. It is so frozen. Oh! My momma and daddy would be so proud. Here, Eddie, get you a spoon. Let's go. Oh, look, look. Gonna slap me now or later? (Paula laughs) - [Eddie] That almond. with the peach is so good. - [Paula] It just makes it, doesn't it? Theresa! - [Theresa] Coming! - [Paula] Grab you a spoon! - [Theresa] I'll bring a spoon! (Paula laughs) Don't eat without me! - That is the hardest homemade. ice cream I've ever had. 'Cause usually, come on. Oh, you got you two spoons. - [Theresa] I brought, oh,. you already have a spoon. - [Paula] Oh, no, I. went and got Eddie one. - [Theresa] Oh, you just. didn't bring me one. - [Paula] No, 'cause I. didn't know you was coming. - [Theresa] Oh. Restart my heart. (Paula laughs) - Eddie, doesn't get as excited over food as like me and Teresa.. (Paula laughs) - [Theresa] Oh my gosh. - You know what? It could- - [Theresa] And that would. be good on pound cake. Oh my gosh. - It could be a tad sweeter. - [Theresa] It could be. Now, I don't like it. overly sweet, to be honest, just because I always eat. it with something else, and the other thing is always sweet too. - Well, normally I sweeten. my fruit with a cup of sugar, but those peaches tasted kind of sweet. So I backed off and just use. like a half a cup, I think. But- - [Theresa] And you could let your peaches sit a little longer. Like we could, like. once you put your sugar- - [Paula] Yeah, yeah. - [Theresa] Like let 'em sit. for 30 minutes to an hour. - But honey, it's been. years since I've made this. - [Theresa] Is it as good as you remember? Eddie, you not gonna try it? - [Eddie] I did. It was good. I love the almond flavor. - I just got a piece of ice cream salt. Sweet and salty, I love it. I know it. Oh, Theresa, you gotta. get a lot more than that. - [Theresa] Oh, that's fabulous. - Y'all, please make you. some homemade ice cream. My favorite, Eddie, still. may just be plain ol' vanilla because I can put my peaches on top of it, or my strawberries, are chocolate syrup, or pineapple, or banana. Can mash up a banana. with some vanilla wafers, and I'll have an ice. cream banana pudding bowl. (Paula laughs) All right, you wanna help. me get to this kitchen with this, Eddie? Ooh, loving best dishes, y'all.