- Hey everybody. I'm Bobby here on my. mom's YouTube channel. And today I'm gonna show you a very easy blueberry skillet cake. This is lots of fun. I love to cook in cast iron and I love. using simple ingredients. And one of those simple. ingredients is canned biscuits. These are great, and they're fun because sometimes they scare the mess out of you when you open 'em they. pop and they're really loud. But let's start this. cake by making a strudel. So walk over here with me to my mom's bakery or baking pantry. She's got a great little. food processor here and our strudel is going to be. just a few simple items here: butter, sugar, flour, almonds,. and a little bit of cinnamon. So combine all these ingredients. into the food processor. This is a small food processor. Very cute. Alrighty. Here we go. And I want this to be kind. of chunky, a little crumbly. Yeah, that's looking good. a little bit more maybe. Hey y'all. All right, that looks perfect. See if you can get a look at it. Beautiful strudel, and. we'll put this right on top. Okay. So back to the stove top and in our skillet, just gonna turn the stove on medium-low, and we'll start with some butter, and a little brown sugar, and it won't take long before. these things get going. For anybody who has never. cooked in cast iron, they're so wonderful and so versatile. And we've got a couple that I. think my brother has got one of my great grandma. Paul's cast iron skillet at his house that is golly, that thing's well over. a hundred years old. They become so well seasoned, and it's just a great tool for all kinds of all kinds of cooking. You can use 'em on the grill. You can do 'em in the oven obviously. Or you can just cook right. on top of your stove. So we're gonna get this butter. and sugar melted together. And while that's happening, let's go ahead and open up our canned biscuits here. Oh, thank you so much, my strudel. - [Woman] You're welcome. Spoon. See if we can, there's the pop. Canned biscuits are just fine by me. All right. Brown sugar and butter, that's a good base for anything. Great, that's melted. And so now I'm just gonna. arrange our biscuits in the skillet and you can see what's happening here. You know where we're going with this. I'm gonna have to do a little arranging to make this perfect. But it's not overcrowded, which is good. And voilà, look at that. Ooh, this is going to be good. So good. Okay. On top of that we'll just go ahead and set our blueberries. Look at these big plump blueberries. I love them. My kids love blueberries. My wife loves 'em, I I've got a, I've got one, One of my daughters Olivia will just eat any berry. Like raspberries, she. wants the whole container. She'll sit and just eat the. whole container of raspberries, do the same thing with blueberries. All the tomatoes, we've got a beautiful garden. with some fresh tomatoes. She'll just eat all the. tomatoes right off the vine, makes me pretty happy, really. These are, we might have. more than enough blueberries. - [Woman] Do you have enough, Bobby? - More than enough. Now you could use blackberries, you could use raspberries,. you know, no rules. So whatever you like you could use. And now to that, we'll. just add our strudel that we made, right on top. Just kind of crumble it up and remember that's got the butter in it and the almonds. That butter's gonna melt right on top and just be so nice with. the sugar and the flour. This is going to taste so good. And this is taking me about. five minutes to prep this. It's super simple and it's gonna cook really quickly too. This will be a nice dessert or breakfast with a cup of coffee or hot tea or cider. It's a very fall recipe, very fall. (timer rings) Something's ready. I'll bet this is gonna. go fast in this house, I know once Michael gets whiff of it. Okay. That's it, into the oven. Into the oven for about 30 minutes. Yep. 375 for about 30 minutes. So let's go pop this cast. iron skillet in the oven. Okay. Everybody, our blueberry. skillet cake is out the oven. This cooked at 350 for about 30 minutes. We made a, a really. simple strudel with nuts and with butter and flour and sugar, a little bit of cinnamon. We used canned biscuits and. a bunch of fresh blueberries and this thing looks and smells amazing. So if you wanna do a nice skillet recipe for your next gathering or. for a really good dessert for your family, this one fits the bill.