- Hey y'all, welcome back in the kitchen. This is a part of our apple week. You know, apples are in season and it's just wonderful to be able to use the fresh, fresh, fresh. apples in our recipes. And today I am gonna make. Paula's French apple custard and tomorrow, the video. following this one, Bobby's gonna complete the. week of apple week for us. So in the next video, it'll be Bobby making some kind of. wonderful apple dessert and I don't even know what it is myself. So I'll be sure and stay tuned. All right, now the first thing. I'm gonna do is add my sugar and my cornstarch and if it says custard, that means it's gonna be cooked. To make it real creamy. All right. And now I'm gonna slowly. add my apple juice. If I can get that to, there you go. But first of all, I want. to blend my cornstarch and my sugar together. 'Cause I don't want any. lumps in my custard. All right, now I'm slowly. gonna add my apple juice to my cornstarch and sugar mixture. Get that blended up real good. Okay, now I'm gonna add our orange zest. And that's the zest from one orange. I think I'm gonna switch. over to a spoon now because I don't want my zest to get caught up in my little whisk. All right, so next is the lemon juice and then last but not. least is our orange juice and we're gonna cook this over medium heat until it's thickened and that. will take about five minutes. - [Michael] Did you put gest in it? - Didn't I put gest in it? - [Michael] Remember what Aunt Peggy said? - Jest. She called it jest. Aunt Peggy was filming with me one day and God, love her. She and I can mutilate. the English language quicker than any two people I know. But I think she's worse. than me, isn't she Michael? - Yeah.. - As far as mutilatin'. So I said, "Okay, what do. we need next Aunt Peggy?" And she said, "We need some orange jest." I said, "What's orange jest?" She said, "You know,. the grated up." (laughs) Oh, okay. You mean zest? Yes. Little smart aleck Paula. (laughs) Oh my gosh, I just talked. to her a minute ago and made her a doctor's. appointment to come over here. So we'll see her shortly,. Michael, for her appointment. All right, I've got one. egg yolk right here. And when our ingredients get thick, I am gonna temper this one egg with a little bit of the hot custard mix. So it won't turn into a scrambled egg. So we'll do that by slowly incorporating the hot with the egg. And here's something I've. been wanting to ask y'all. I love, love, love, love, love, love when y'all send me your favorite recipes from your family or whatever. And it doesn't seem like. I've gotten any lately. Have we? Have we Theresa or Eddie? Somebody? - [Theresa] Some what, questions? - No, no, no. Some recipes. - [Theresa] We haven't gotten. a lot of recipes lately. - I know it. - [Theresa] We need some. people to send some here. - [Michael] Yeah, we. need to write a new book. (Paula laughing) - He is so funny. Write a cookbook of. other people's recipes. No, I just love it when y'all. share your stories with me and share your recipes because some that y'all send. are super, super, super good and well, none of 'em been bad, have they? Eddie?. - No. - Uh-uh, I don't recall. any of 'em being bad. But I had a favorite probably, but I don't remember what it is, so. But I remember falling in. love with one of the recipes. But anyway, if y'all. are watching out there, send me some of your favorite. recipes and your stories because it's my wish that when you see me, that it clicks something in your brain that takes you back to when you were a kid and you were in such a safe. time with mama and daddy and grandmommy and granddaddy. and aunts and uncles. Okay, it's starting to get thick. All right, so I'm gonna pull it off. Oh, it looks wonderful. Oh, and it is so thick. All right, now I'm going. to add just a little bit to the egg yolk. So pretty, isn't it? Yeah, there's nothing worse. than biting into your custard and having a spoon full of scrambled eggs. So. Oh yeah, that's nice and warm. So I'm gonna transfer that. into the rest of our custard. Come on Paula, get every bit out. And we're gonna put it back on the heat and I'm gonna cut it down some, because now we just wanna make. sure the egg yolk is cooked. This is gonna be delicious. Okay, there we go. Now I'm gonna set this to the side because we can't finish our. recipe until this is cooled. And that's gonna take a few minutes and then we'll get started on the rest. Y'all, the first thing that. I remember my Aunt Peggy teaching me how to do was a fruit tray. The second thing was. arrangements of greenery coming from your yard. She used to do the most beautiful bouquets and bring in her house and. put it in a vase in her house. And they were so pretty, but her fruit trays. And you know what, I went. to look to find a picture of some of the fruit trays. that I've done over the years. I couldn't find the first picture. So I just put together. a very small fruit tray because this French cream apple custard is gonna be so good to dip your fruit in. So I've got like a cup. and a half of heavy cream, and we're gonna whip this. And I've got my other. ingredients over here and they've cooled. It looks so good. So pretty. See the color? And I added three. tablespoons of butter to that when I took it off the heat. so the butter could melt in it and I have got, gosh, it looks. like about a third of a cup which I may need a little bit more because this is my. measurements for heavy cream, making a whipped cream. I use a fourth of a cup of. sugar per cup of heavy cream. That may be a little. sweet for some people, but it sure is good. So this is a fourth of a cup. So I don't think that's gonna be enough. I think we're gonna have to add a little bit more sugar to it, but let me see how sweet is that. I can't remember. It's so very good. And it's sweet. It's gonna take this a while to get thick because I didn't choose a very big bowl. And if I turn it on high,. it'll be all over me, all over Eddie, all over everywhere. But so Aunt Peggy taught me to. buy two beautiful pineapples. And if I need to, just trim the bottom, so one could stand up properly. And then she taught me. to take the other one and take not quite half, but leave it, cut it where your crowns of the pineapple will still be intact. You don't wanna mess with that. So just cut that pineapple. where it will leave what would you call those things on top of a pineapple Eddie? - [Eddie] Fronds I guess? - Fronds, yeah, I can't. think of another word. But anyway, she taught me. to stand up a pineapple on a beautiful silver tray, lay the other pineapple in front of it and scoop it all out because. that's gonna be our holder for our custard. And then just all kind of fruits and you wanna look at. your colors of your fruit and have not all red things. here, but have it intermingled. And it is just beautiful. So thank you Aunt Peggy. I can't believe I can't. find a picture of it. As many as I've made over the years. I'm gonna try to cut this. up a little bit more. Speed it up. I just don't want to get it all over me. All right, now I'm gonna go ahead and start adding our confectioner's sugar. I did add maybe two more tablespoons. And to me, the sweetness is just right. Now, I'm gonna take our cooled. Let me touch that. Yes,. it's nice and cool. So I'm gonna take our. juices that have thickened and I'm gonna fold this. into our whipped cream. Now you know you can use. a frozen whipped topping, but you know I just love the real deal. All right, so I'm just gonna. fold that in like that. And on my website, y'all will find some more. wonderful fruit dip recipes. Some you cook, which. would make it a custard and some is just a cream. where it requires no cooking. Look at this beautiful color. It's coming to life. It's coming to life y'all. If you wanted to enhance the color, you could add a couple of drops of maybe a yellow food coloring. But I think it's. beautiful just like it is. All right. Now I'm gonna fill up my cup. Oh, I love those streaks. of the orange in it. See the orange color? Yes, I love that. Perfect. How pretty. Now I've got whipped cream. where I slung it on there on the mint. (laughs) So you'll wanna beat your cream. away from your fruit tray. And now we've got ginger snaps, apples, watermelon,. raspberries, strawberries, red and green apples, I. don't know if I said that and the orange, the orange is so good. So being me, I think I'm gonna. go in for the ginger snap. Mm. That is so good y'all. I don't wanna double dip. So naturally I will have a little spoon. A pretty little silver spoon in my dip. So like I said, you can go on my website. and find many, many more. In fact, Aunt Peggy actually shared the French cream recipe with me. I mean the French custard. and it is delicious. The gingerbreads have a. little bit of heat to 'em and they're so good with that dip. So I hope y'all like it.. I hope you'll try it. It's wonderful at Christmas. time, a wonderful dish if you're having a little get together. I don't know how hard it would. be to get the fruits together but it makes a beautiful. dish on your Christmas or Thanksgiving table. Love & Best Dishes y'all.