- Hey everybody, it's a beginning to look a lot. like Christmas around here. I'm in my mom's kitchen and today you and I are going to make together a beautiful Christmas trifle and we're going to make it right out of my mom's cookbook,. Paula Deen Cuts the Fat. It's a beautiful trifle. and it's great because it's really, really reduced in sugar, which is just a great thing. My mom, it's no secret, my. mom is a type two diabetic. And for all of you out. there who might be diabetic, or just trying to look. for ways to cut the fat, it's a great recipe for. you really low in sugar. Okay. It starts with baking a cake. So in the name of time,. we've already done that. And I want to show you that it is possible to find sugar-free cake mixes. You can see the brand. right on the top here. No reason to hide it, but sugar-free, you can find them in. your local grocery store or at, one of your. - [Woman] I and Tom bought at Walmart. - At Walmart, you can find it. So we've got our yellow cake mix and I've already cut it into cubes for the tri-fold because you can imagine what a trifle is, it's. going to end up in this big, beautiful crystal dish. And it's going to be a layered cake and well, let's just get started and I'll show you what it's going to be. So the cake is made. Now the second step in the. process is going to be, we're going to go to our stove top here. And we are going to a sauce pan here, add two cups of raspberry preserves. Now, if you're a canner, you may already have. some raspberry preserves at your house that you made fresh, or if you don't, you. can get them in a jar. We'll add to that two. tablespoons of water. - [Woman] And that is. actually sugar-free. Shelly. - I should mention as we go, because it's very important. It's sugar-free raspberry preserve. - [Woman] We do actually,. Bobby get a lot of requests from folks out there that ask about reduced calorie, reduced sugar, diabetic friendly recipe. So this perfect. - Hey, look, I've said this before, but you know the people, those of you out there who are diabetic, I know it's kind of a bomber. It feels like a bomber, to have to eat the way you do. I know that's the way that. some people feel about it, but honestly, that's the way. that we all should be eating. I got to tell you, sugar is just sugar is tough man, it's not good for you. And you shouldn't eat. and drink a lot of it. You should use moderation. when it comes to that. But if you can make things sugar-free and they're still delicious, you should. So that's what we're doing. And I think that we're. going to be no worse to where at the end of this recipe. I think I'll bet that. you'll never even notice that it's sugar free. How about that? Because we are going to. make with this heavy cream. So there's two cups of heavy cream to go along with us. So the decadence is there. You're going to get that. delicious decadence satisfying thing in your heavy cream but the sugar will be. way, way, way reduced. And that's a good thing. And turn this down just a little bit, maybe to like a medium, going to get a little bit of simmer going into our preserves, we are going to add some fresh raspberries. Oh, Man. Raspberries are. really one of my favorites, my kids love them and they just sit around. and eat raspberries, like they're not anymore growing. So indoor raspberries to our preserved, preserves, excuse me, into our sauce pan, and that already looks. and smells delicious, and we've only just begun and we've got a ways to go. So why don't we take a break right here? Let this cook for about. two or three minutes and I'll see you then, got two minutes. (mixer whipping) All right. Beautiful. That's great. Looking whipped cream. Okay. - [Woman] We went ahead. and did the whipped cream because it makes so much noise that you can't hear Bobby over the mixer's. - Nobody likes to watch people mix whipped cream on camera. Okay. So I'm just going to stick, I'm going to put the bowl back in the fridge here. That'll be ready when we come to it. Okay. Here is our raspberry and preserve mixture on the stove top. It's beautiful. It looks and smells delicious. It's kind of like a raspberry potpourri. - [woman] Yeah. - Just got really low there. We have to turn it off. - [Woman] You need to. let it cool a little bit. - Yeah, I'm going to let. it cool a little bit. And then we are going to grab our trifle dish. So my mother's Christmas trifle. We've got all the components together. So our cake is baked and I've already got it. cut into little cubes. We've got our raspberry puree and a fresh raspberry mix. already kind of sauteed off and we're cooling it. This is a great method to cool. Anything. So we've got a bowl. right inside of a bowl. So that's just ice water in there. Theresa and I, and the neighbor Tom said, let's cool this stuff down real quick. This is also a great way to, what's a great way to cool down anything. So let's go ahead and begin. to put together our trifle. I've got a beautiful,. beautiful crystal dish here. This is mom's. Gosh, this is gorgeous. And I hope I do it justice, because this is where you. really need a Baker's touch, - [Woman] I have faith in you. - I have faith in myself too. So we're going to put together about a third of the. trifle down in the bottom, and it's just going to be layers of trifle or excuse me of cake and then the raspberry mix and then a little whipped cream and we'll continue on. until we get to the top and we'll end with whipped cream. That'll be the last thing and a little garnish on top and I'll hold the garnish as a surprise, I'll let you know what that is, but you probably already know. So one third of the cake, and again, this is a sugar-free Cake Knicks, which is it's wonderful. to know that is out there. Right. - [Woman] Yeah. - Okay. So. - [Woman] And it looks exactly like cake. - And it looks exactly like, and I'm sure that it tastes great. Should I give it a little bit of a, let me tell you what sugar-free - [Woman] Let's see your face when you - Taste like. - [Woman] Can you even tell. a difference? I couldn't. - It's very good. And it's. very light is I like it. I like it. I would probably prefer it. Okay. And if the sweetness is there, it just comes a little. late and it's very light. Okay. So our raspberry preserve mixture. Let me try to get this even, I don't know if my mom would be happy with the job that I'm doing so far or not. It's a little rustic and uneven here. Everything is, but I'm a man. - [Woman] You're more of a. perfectionist than she is. - Oh, well, that's true. - [Woman] I was going to. say she would just be dumpy. - You think so, I just. don't want to run out of my. - [Woman] I would be doing. exactly how you're doing. - Raspberry mix here. Just want to have some place. to kind of platform my, - [Woman] Which my cream, - My cream, which is that's pretty already just the dish is doing a lot of the work just by being so dad gum pretty. We can have pretty. She, always say that's a. she, what kind of she is. And we'll go with a rubber's patch here. Some of our whipped cream. I love it. And do some spreading from side to side. - [Woman] Now your trifle bowls, Bobby, just so you know, some. are deeper than others. So in some you get three. layers, some layers. Sometimes you may only get two layers. - Yeah, - [Woman] That's fine too. - Yep. That's a good point. Yep. Very good point, Theresa. Okay. I hope I'm not. making a sloppy mess here. I think it looks pretty. Okay. Try to always think what would my mama do? That's part of the pressure of having Paula Deen as a mother,. whenever you're making anything. So like, well, what would my mama do? I know that she would critique. I know she would have. something to say about this. So make that look even, you messing it up. That's too much. That's not enough. - [Woman] She would not have said that. - She would say exactly that. - [Woman] That you've. been part of yourself - She would say exactly in that too. So some more cake? - [Woman] I think the. beauties of trifles are they, there's not a, they're. just a layered look. And you just want to have that, that layer of so that you can see cake, you see the raspberry, you see. - Yeah. I think that that's true. - [Woman] I really think. you can mess up a trifle. - Oh, well, you know, you could, - [Woman] I disagree with you on that one - I may be messing it up. right now, unbeknownst. - [Woman] Well, guess what. your mom's coming home tonight. - And she's going to see it. - [Woman] So I'll have her. taste it and I will let her. - Oh, well I know it's. going to taste good, but what's it gonna look like? You know? Cause like my mama always says, you eat with in your eyes first son, you eat with your eyes first. Just make sure I got. plenty of cake in there and I got some small pieces. So I'll kind of do some wedge and some of that down in. there. That looks good. Okay. And now back to our preserves. - [Woman] Yeah. This. has a wider trifle bowl versus kind of a slimmer and taller. - I'm wishing I had some more preserves to be completely honest. That looks nice. And it smells so good. And it just looks like. Christmas, doesn't it? Doesn't this thing just say Christmas, we're going to come up a. little shine that's alright We'll make it work. Look at this little beautiful device that my mom has got here,. this thing is handy dandy. That's worked hard in its. lifetime. How does it look? - [Woman] I want to say. - I think it looks really pretty. That's something that was handed down by your grandmother Paul. or your, mom or somebody. - 1000 years old - [Woman] She worries. about it falling apart. - Yeah. Well it's beginning to, - [Woman] I think you need. to put more whipped cream. - I'm going to okay. Well. you can stand in for my mama. - [Woman] Just checking - If you need to put more whipped cream. So, oh. And you know what, when I was doing the preserves and the fresh raspberry mix on the stove top over there, I took a look back my mom's recipe. And it said now, and top of. your trifle with the rest, with the second point of. strawberries I was like or raspberries I was like. Ooh I put them all in. - [Woman] But what did we do? - I had rescue them. I. rescued some out of the pot out of the sauce pan I think this looks great. - [Woman] I think it looks fabulous. You can see all the layers. - Can you? - [Woman] Keep turning. it? Yeah, so pretty. And the more it sits,. the more it'll settle. - One more cake. Hmm Hmm. Look at this. So, so good looking. And it makes your house. smell so great cakes in the preserves. I think I already said that. it was like a potpourri those raspberry preserve like potpourri on the stove top and that really were, hold off those last two. pieces of cake there. - [Woman] You're going to. get this patch around here. - Yeah I'm going to do that - [Woman] I'm gonna. let you get this patch. I'm going to put this on hold. - Okay. Let's take a quick break and y'all can come back to. help me top it off. Alright. Okay. This looks really, really nice. And so the layers go cake, raspberries, whipped cream, cake, raspberries, whipped cream, repeat and finish with the whipped cream. Ooh, look at that. That is a lot of whipped cream and it looks so good. - [Woman] (indistinct) - Hmm, yeah, that's right. So the sugar that we're losing is going to be made up. for by the whipped cream. And it's a good thing that. we had a low humidity day down here in Savannah, Georgia. - [Woman] I see, your mom would be proud because you're scraping that. bowl right down to the end. - Every bit of it. Hey look, when you spend a bunch of years in the restaurant business, you do not waste boy. - [Woman] Let's do that again. Tell him what she says to you. - I said, when you spend a bunch of years in the restaurant business,. you do not waste boy. - [Woman] Now that's Paula Deen. - That is Paula Deen. Wow. Look at that. I think that looks great. I mean, it looks homemade that's for sure. - [Woman] Oh my gosh! I can't wait to see what the saved raspberries. - Yeah. So we'll go on finish with raspberries right on the top here. And it's a good thing. I did that because there's some of those preserves. attached to them too. And you can see the preserves. - [Woman] I like the. jam part on it. So see. - Them sort of spread out. into that whipped cream. And I'm not going to waste one bit of it. I'm going to make sure it all. gets used. Look how pretty These colors, these just. scream Christmas, holidays. - [Woman] It's so nice to. give an option to people. that's not, because not everybody walks in and says they really want something low calorie, but it's kind of nice to be able to say, Hey, if your sugar, if you want something. sugar for you we've got it. - Or, what's even more fun than that is to just surprise people and let them know afterwards. - [Woman] True - After you've served it. Did you like that? I really did. Well guess what? That's a sugar-free cake mix. It's low sugar, reduced sugar preserves. - [Woman] And we saved you some calories - And we saved you some calories, the whipped cream, the whipped. cream is not low-calorie. Okay. So I think it looks really nice. And the only thing missing is a little garnish for the top. And what we like is fresh mint. A lot of us have mint in our gardens down here in the south. I grow mint at my house.. It grows very easily. - [Woman] And everywhere. - It's everywhere. - [Woman] It will take over. - And it looks great right on top. So I don't know about you, but I'd eat it. - [Woman] Me too. Bobby. - That looks great. Merry. Christmas, everybody. See you next time.