- Happy Halloween, y'all. I am fixing to share with y'all a recipe that takes me back to my grandmother Paul. Every Halloween, she would. make her grandchildren and her great-grandchildren, my two sons were her great grandsons, she would make these. popcorn balls for them, and they loved them. They couldn't wait to get out to her house to get that popcorn ball. So I'm gonna share that. recipe with y'all today, and I'm gonna start by adding sugar. Is the recipe gonna be. linked on this link? - [Producer] Yes, ma'am. - Or do I need to tell them measurements? - [Producer] It'll be on the link. - Okay, well, I'm gonna tell them anyway. Two cups of sugar, one. and a third cup of water, one teaspoon of white vinegar, and a half a teaspoon of salt. Let's see. Oh, we just have this. sitting on the salt. (laughs) - What does it say, a. half a teaspoon of salt? Which that should be. about a half a teaspoon. And we've got our vanilla extract, but we'll stir that in at the last minute. And we've got 18 cups of. popped corn, popcorn popped. So, we're gonna stir this all together. I've got to add my white Karo syrup. And we're gonna get this all mixed up and get it going over medium heat. And we're gonna cook it. until it reaches a hard boil, which is 255, 260, somewhere right in there. So we're just gonna get. this stirred up good, and then I'm gonna hook. our candy thermometer to the side of the pan. And we're just going to sit back and wait for it to get. to our magic number, 255 or 260. These things are so hard to read. (laughs) I think 260 will be easier to read. All right, in goes our vanilla. It took about 20 minutes, y'all. My grandma's not here for. me to call and ask her, but the recipe said cook. this over high heat, but I cooked it over medium high heat. And I mean, it was cooking. really, really good. So, I think somewhere between medium and medium high is good. So, we're gonna just now pour our syrup. We're not gonna let it cool. We're just gonna pour it. over all of our popcorn while it's hot. And we're gonna have to let. this cool for a few minutes, because if we tried to. form this into (laughs) popcorn balls, our hands would be bloody. There you go, okay. I'm trying to get every bit. of that syrup out. (laughs) I was just saying to the team here, I wonder how it would. do to put food coloring in the syrup and make. colored popcorn balls. Now I'm just going to kind. of stir it just a little bit, try to let that syrup go everywhere. And it's still hotter than. a three dollar pistol, I'm telling you. So, if you got children in. the kitchen on this recipe, please use caution, 'cause there's nothing. hotter than hot syrup. Okay, so I'm gonna let. that cool for a minute. I kinda got it coated. And when it cools down. enough for me to pick it up, I'm gonna start rubbing it into balls. It's feeling like styrofoam. (laughs) It's even making that. noise that styrofoam makes. I mean, a lot of that. syrup went straight down to the bottom of that pan. Okie doke, Teresa, I'm. probably gonna need your help. Now I'm doing one thing different that my grandma did not do. Teresa bought some of these cute little Halloween candies, but you know what? I might should have. added them to the syrup. - [Teresa] Oh, good idea. - You know, 'cause they don't wanna stick. And it kind of looks like bugs. (laughs) That's all right. It's Halloween. And we just.. You gonna come in here. and help me, Teresa? - Certainly. - Because we can't let this get too cool. I didn't spray my hands and. it's working out all right. Oh, I wish Jamie or Bobby was here to share their memories with me. You can make these balls. any size you want to. My balls are bigger than Teresa's. (both laugh) - [Teresa] Yeah, they're. not big enough to-- - You make little, petite sweet ones. And that's plenty big enough for a child. I'm used to doing for hungry boys. (both laugh) So that's it. Oh, grandmama Paul. - [Teresa] She'd be proud of us. - [Paula] She made these when. she really didn't have to. Didn't have any children living at home, but she was not gonna. let Halloween come and go without making these for her grandchildren and her great grandchildren. How you like it, Teresa? - [Teresa] My teeth are sticking together. - Look at Theresa eating it, Eddie. (all laugh) I'm telling you, I felt like my teeth had been. tied and screwed together. - [Teresa] But this takes me back, - I know. (laughs). - 'cause I always had these. - Look at that one. Now that one's got a good. bit of the candy in it. I think we'll have to work. on that concept a little bit. So, there you have it, kids. If mama has you in the kitchen or daddy has you in the. kitchen with this one, stand back when you're. working with that hot syrup, because we wouldn't want. any of you precious angels to get burned. So y'all have a safe and happy Halloween. And I'll be here waiting on. y'all when it's all over. (Paula laughs)