- So y'all know how I'm always making those gooey butter cakes. Well, I'm going to. share a recipe with you. We are going to make. gooey butter cake balls, and we're going to form them. into cookies and you won't believe how good they are. So just like the original. gooey butter cake, this is so easy. I've got a stick of butter, it's been softening at room temperature. I've got an eight ounce. package of cream cheese, that's at room temperature. Come on out of that baby. I'll be right back. I just need a knife to get all eight ounces on my cream cheese. Okay. So we're going to beat. this until it's smooth (whisking machine engine) and then we'll add our egg and incorporate that real well, And then we'll add our cake mix. And you'll wanna make. sure that those two items are at room temperature,. because it would be very, very hard to beat if it wasn't. So now we're gonna add our one egg (whisking machine engine) Oh, that's good and smooth. So. the next thing is. going to be our cake mix, And I think there's a couple. of different flavors of chocolate out there in. pre-made, pre-packaged cakes, like a chocolate and then. maybe a Devil's Food. - [Theresa] That's a Devils Food - Okay, this is a Devils. Food, So it's going to be real chocolaty. - [Theresa] There's. also like double fudge. - Yeah (whisking machine noise) Okay, now I'm going to add the other half, just makes it a little bit easier y'all, not dumping the whole bag in at one time. (whisking machine noise) Alright. I want to stop a second and just bring everything down to the center of our bowl so it can all get mixed up. (whisking machine noise) All right, I swung that. off the best that could. Now at this point, it tells you to put it. in your refrigerator and chill it for two hours, because we're going to roll. our cookies into balls. So two hours, but you're not going to. have to wait two hours because Ms. Theresa is. so damn good at her job, - [Theresa] And it was such a. hard dough to make (laughter) - Ain't it hard. And I'll divide this up. among my grandchildren and let them make their own cookies, how about that. All right let me wash my hands, because I done been licking my fingers. So we're going to bake these y'all, on a, ungreased cookie sheet. And you want to just,. oh, I'm sorry Theresa. - [Theresa] No I'm just going to move some of this out of your way. - Okay, make room for a cookie sheet. - [Theresa] Absolutely, the most important. - So you'll want to scoop. up like a tablespoon of batter, and you can see. - [Theresa] Do you want. a big one or small one? - I think a big one. Teresa if you want to help. me, that would be great. - Okay - You know, it's. - [Theresa] Let me wash my hands. - It says not to grease it, so, you know, I just. like greasing my stuff. This is a messy job - [Theresa] How about we roll. them then we'll come back. - Yeah, that's good. Its boring watching me rolling. - So we're rolling them in powdered sugar, and after each one, I wash my hands. - I washed mine too, And I'm going to need to. wash them one more time or that may take two more times. - Yeah, that might. - You got the clean job. (laughter) Okay y'all, now everybody that knows me knows that I'm a nut lover. So this little sheet is. mine, I put nuts in it, but you know, you can put. whatever is your favorite thing. These are all plain so I. don't have to worry about, you know, the little children. So we're going to put things. in the oven, a 350 degree oven, and we're going to bake. them for 12 minutes. Then we're going to bring them out, and we'll probably sprinkle. them with just a little bit more powdered sugar. So y'all, they turned out so pretty and I'm just sifting a little powdered sugar on top of them, which, I mean, that's not even necessary. I'm so glad I sprayed my pans. So it's not necessary because they looked so crinkled and so pretty, but, a little bit more sugar. won't hurt anything, will it. So these will remain, soft and gooey in the center, just like a gooey butter cake, but you do want to let them cool and I'm going to be delivering these to grandchildren, in just a few minutes. - [Theresa] And they're. going to be thrilled to see granny.. - As soon as they cool. Yes. Out here on my island ill deliver Yum, yum yum. (laughs) Was so, so easy. If you love the gooey butter. cake, this is your recipe. With love.