- Hey friends, today I'm gonna. share a recipe with y'all that might be the best cake. you ever put in your mouth. Starting with a cake mix. Well, the gooey butter cakes too, but that's like a bar dessert. I am gonna share with y'all. a recipe that I've had for years, and it was just. published in one of my, in Paula Deen magazine. I don't know which issue, do you Teresa? - [Teresa] No ma'am. - Okay, but you can,. there's several places. - [Teresa] All you have to. do is gone onto Paula Deen, it'll be on Pauladeen.com. - Okay. - [Teresa] But it's also. on the Paula Deen magazine. - Okay, pauladeen.com or Paula, Cooking with Paula Deen magazine. So we're gonna start with one box of a classic just white cake. All right, I've got my cake mix. I'm gonna add a three. Let's see, a three ounce. package of strawberry jello and I pulled out a half a teaspoon of the strawberry jello. because in the frosting recipe, it calls for a half a teaspoon. of strawberry extract. Well, we couldn't find strawberry extract. So we got in touch with a Baker, a young lady that has. a bakery here in town and she says she just uses the jello, where it called for strawberry extract, so that's why I held that out. So I've got four eggs. A half a cup of oil. Like a, oh my gosh, that. had water in it, didn't it. I didn't see it but that's all right, 'cause this is a dumping beet. So what just went in there was a fourth of a cup. of water with that egg. That's how good my eyes are. y'all, I can't see diddly squat. Like I used to be able to. So we're gonna put, like I say, put all the ingredients in this bowl and then we gonna beat it for two minutes. And then we gonna divide them. up between two cake pans. So y'all won't be able. to hear what I'm saying because I'm gonna be doing. this for two minutes. So if y'all wanna give me. two minutes, that's good. Okay, y'all, I beat this. up, put all the ingredients in the bowl at the same time,. beat it for two minutes. Now, ordinarily I would line my cake pans with parchment paper, just. to make sure they don't stick but my parchment paper is in storage along with everything else. So I'm gonna use the spray. that also contains flour and I hope they don't stick. These were my pans, gosh,. years and years ago. We came out with some bakeware and these are the best. Cookie sheets, baking dishes, they were of the highest. quality and I'm still using them and it's probably been 15 years. 12 to 15 years since they were introduced and of course you can't get them anymore but I'm so thrilled to have mine still. But I am gonna spray it good. (bottle spraying) 'cause I want this cake to. come out nice, nice, nice. (bottle spraying) I had some old cake pans the other day. One of my brands, Sullivan asked me if I would help him make a carrot cake, that's his momma's favorite. carrot cake in the world was my carrot cake. So he came over and I happily make it, and I used, I couldn't. find these for some reason. So I used some that probably. came from the grocery store. When I went to take. Kari's cakes out of there. Oh my gosh, it was the biggest mess. I had to take my hands and. kind of mold those cakes back together, all right, now we wanna let our layers to be perfectly,. you know, the same size. So I start by measuring them, with a one cup measurer. 'Cause it... Didn't make me happy to pull out cakes and one's thin and one's thick. So I am kind of peculiar about this. The strawberries smell wonderful. All right, let's get in there. so I can get me one more cup. Come on, Paula. Okay, almost, uh oh, uh oh. It slipped, you know, I've said for years, when I come back in my next life, I wanna come back as a octopus. Wouldn't it be great to have six arms? I think it would be wonderful. I said I could just see myself. staring up at that stove and the fryer and the oven. and have everything going. Okay, so I'm gonna. Those should be perfectly,. perfectly correct. Now I'm just gonna. take, clean my bowl out. But the rest... Okay. That's good. And that's good. Okay, you know like, getting all my goodie, I wanna get everything. that's due for this cake and that will get it. Now I'm gonna put it in the oven at 350 and I'm gonna bake it for. 30 to 45, 30 to 40 minutes. And this one will take. a little longer to cook because it's just two. layers, instead of three. So I like to, once I. get my cake pans loaded, I like to just drop them and you can see the air. bubbles coming to the top. Okay, kids, the cake is out of the oven and I want you to see how. beautiful they came out. Perfect, and you notice. it's on a dinner plate. That is because Teresa is. gonna take this cake to Tybee, she's got a bunch of girlfriends coming in for the weekend and they gonna. be out there on the beach, raising all kinds of sand and drinking. And you know you will. - Oh my goodness.. - And eating. And y'all will have a ball. I'm jealous I'm not going, but I won't entrust her. with one of my crystal cake. - [Teresa] I don't blame. you, I don't blame you. I don't trust myself anyway. - 'Cause you girls y'all don't need to have to worry about anything just. - [Teresa] Well I'm gonna. tell them I made the cake. - Well you did, Teresa. made this cake y'all. And I've got mine in the oven, but rather than sitting. around, having to wait on that one to bake and cool. Teresa done help me out. - [Teresa] So we're all bonusing, every one of us gets a cake.. - Yes. Yes, yes.. - You get a cake, you get a cake, you get a cake. - Everybody gets a cake. And this is truly one of. the most wonderful cakes. Do you like strawberry cake, Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes. - I foresee Eddie having a half a cake and Paula having a half a cake. All right, now I'm putting a half a stick of butter in my bowl. And one eight ounce. package of cream cheese. And let's see, I've got a little. Oh, here it is, I couldn't. see it behind the bowl. And remember the frosting. called for strawberry extract, which I don't have. So I'm gonna use a half a teaspoon of the strawberry gelatin. So was the first thing we're. gonna do is take our butter and our cream cheese. (mixer whirring) And we're gonna whip it until it's smooth and well. incorporated with each other. (bowl clanging) Now I'm gonna add that half a teaspoon of the strawberry gelatin. And I've got a fourth. of a cup of strawberries that we held out from our. frozen pureed strawberries. Thank you, Teresa.. - You're welcome. - [Paula] You keep that eye on me, girl. - [Teresa] I am. - You know, as we start. getting older, it's funny. We almost revert back. to our youth, don't we? In some ways.. - Well, you've got a long way to. - Yeah.. - To be with, I mean, this isn't your. normal environment. - No, listen, I'm so out of place here. I'm so thankful to be here,. y'all, don't get me wrong. This was one of the biggest blessings, for Bobby to have this house. But when everything he got's in storage, it's just hard. - [Teresa] Well the. kitchens your safe place. - Oh yes. - [Teresa] It turned out really be set up. - That's right, but you know, it's been a wonderful little. kitchen, it really has and I've learned how to cook on. - [Teresa] Oh that's right. - [Paula] Yes, oh no. If you'll just help me tell what it is. - [Teresa] What's it. called then, induction? - Induction yes. All right, this was three stops. - [Teresa] That had seven cups. - Seven cups.. - Of confectioners. - [Paula] This is gonna. make enough icing, y'all, we could make some. cupcakes that go with it, but you know what, I hate. standard cake with skimpy icing. - [Teresa] I was gonna. say, you usually are like. - I don't like that. 'cause I like a little. cake with a bug of icing. Okey dokey, now at this point, you can see it's just a very light pink because all we have is fourth of a cup of the pureed strawberries. and a half a teaspoon of strawberry gelatin. So if you wanted to make. this a more vibrant pink, you could always add a. little red food color. Or you can leave it like. this where it's more natural. We have some food coloring? - [Teresa] I know, I'm. in the closet getting it. - All right, you wanna squirt? - [Teresa] Oh I'm scared. - [Paula] Don't be scared. Don't be scared, just a. drop and it'll be all right. Let's see.. - A drop at a time. - [Paula] Yes, I like doing it very slow. - [Teresa] You've taught. me you can always add but you cannot take away. - [Paula] You can't suck. that stuff out of there. Okay.. - Look how beautiful. - Aint it beautiful? And like I said, all of my cake recipes. should be that generous with the powdered sugar, you know, all the carrot cake recipes and any of your cake that does cream cheese icing. - [Eddie] So much is left in the bowl, you use seven cups of. - I used every bit of it, Eddie. All right and how would. y'all like to top this off? You're taking this one to Tybee with you. So how would you like it done? - [Teresa] Just what you're doing. - Faby Crutcher. - [Teresa] So it looks like. that I was really skilled, so however you wanna make it that. - Do you want this down on the plate or do you want it up on the cake? - [Teresa] I would probably. say down on the plate so that I can cover it. Oh no, up on the cake and. that way it'll help keep the. - Okay. - [Teresa] Don't you think? - [Paula] I think. - That'll keep.. - Any way you want it is what I think. - [Teresa] That's what's. always so good about Paula, she wants it to be how you want it, not. - This aint about me. It's about you and your friends. - [Teresa] Well, my. friends, I can tell you are already saying thank you. - As they toast with a. strawberry margarita. - [Teresa] Probably a. prosecco and like a mimosa. Like a mimosa, you know. champagne and orange juice or champagne.. - Yeah, yeah. - [Teresa] But we might have. to find some strawberry juice at this point. - [Paula] Let's see, how do I want that? Maybe like that. - You talking to me?. - Okay, Teresa. There you go, angel.. - Yay. - All right and I put... I put three tooth, tooth, three. - Three.. - Two did. I two put three toothpicks in this cake, so hopefully it won't slide off.