- I wanna share with y'all a. way to make a sweet biscuit. John Reed, one of our grandboys, we celebrated his birthday here Sunday, and the little fella, he just ordered up, he wanted ham biscuits, grits. He said let's omelets, so, and this was all at dinner time, now. So I thought it was the cutest. menu that he came up with because he had had all this. at my house in the past, and he liked it enough that. to be his birthday meal. So on top of making the ham biscuits, I thought I'm gonna make. him some sweet biscuits using my biscuit mix. So that's what I did, and. this is how many that's left. This is what the finished. product looks like (laughs). They were so good. They were a huge, huge hit. Those have got to be put in the biscuit. graveyard today, though, but they were so good, and of. course, I made a ton of 'em. So without being able to. give you exact measurements, I'm gonna try to just show you what I did, and I think that I started with maybe two cups of my biscuit mix. Oh, that's like exactly, almost two cups. And naturally, I use my own biscuit mix, but if you don't have that, you can use anybody's biscuit. mix that you would like, the biscuit mix of your choice. All right, so I'm gonna. get a little bit more. So that's two cups. And I'm gonna put that in our bowl, and I'm gonna add, this. is a half a cup measure, but that looks like a about a fourth or a third a cup of. sugar, so about like that. Might as well use it all happily. And I'm gonna take off my rings to do this 'cause this can kind of be a little goopy. All right, so I'm just gonna mix that up, and you almost can do it, you know, making a kind of a snapping. motion with your fingers. Now I'm gonna add... Let's see, I'm gonna add like maybe two tablespoons of butter and about two ounces of cream cheese. And this can be ice cold right outta the refrigerator, y'all, because what we're gonna do is. we're gonna take our fingers, and we're just gonna snap. all that into our biscuit mix until it becomes crumbly looking. And you're going to love. this sweet biscuit, honey. You're going to love it. All right. And I'm using mine. Usually I do this on an old table cloth that I keep around to roll my dough on, but I decided I just grabbed. the closest clean pillowcase. They make good surfaces. for rolling out dough. And you'll know when you got this right when all the big pieces. of butter and cream cheese are feeling on the small size, kinda like English peas or small peas. All right. Now I'm gonna add some sprinkles. Maybe that many. I can always add more. when I'm rolling 'em out. I think I want just a little bit more. There you go. All right, this is where. the guessing comes in, but I got two cups of biscuit mix, and that's three fourths. a cup of buttermilk. And it's important with. my biscuit mix to me, and I get us any biscuit mix you using, use buttermilk because it gives. it that kind of tart flavor that makes it so good. So I'm just gonna... All right, that's probably. about a half a cup, and I'm just gonna start with that, and I'll add more if I need it. I'm just gonna stir that. around and see what I got. Here comes big daddy. - [Michael] I smell pork chops. (Paula laughing) - [Paula] You know you. can smell a pork chop. Well, it's a good thing. you left when you did 'cause I made those strawberry fritters, and they'd make you jump back and slap. - [Man] They're good, huh? - Yes. - [Michael] About time. you make something good. - [Man] Where's that frying pan? She's gonna- - You're sassy. - [Paula] Who will take him? Anybody. - Well, give 'em money. - Listen, I'll put a bow around his neck and give him away. All right, so I used, I wound up using that full three fourths a cup, and I might use some. more, but I don't know. I to got get in here and feel of it. - [Michael] Yeah, Paula, it's tough being a damn trophy husband. (Paula laughing) - [Woman] You are on a. roll today, aren't you? - Well, I have not talked to. Bradley Cooper's wife yet, but I'm sure it is. - Somebody said their wife. was was a trophy wife. He said, but she wasn't first place. (all laughing) - Did she place at all? (all laughing) All right, so I just dampen. that with a little more, one little squirt of buttermilk, and now I'm fixing to take more of my mix, and I'm gonna sprinkle it. around on my pillowcase. My hands are just not quite big enough to hold all these big things. Okay. All right, so I'm just gonna kneed, just kneed our dough, Gone pat it out. - [Man] These really were. great for a birthday party. - [Paula] Oh, they're. wonderful for a birthday party 'cause John's not crazy about cake, but he loves like a donut. cake or something like that. All right, so now I'm gonna. take some ground cinnamon, and I'm just gonna sprinkle a. little bit of ground cinnamon, and I'm gonna fold it back over so that cinnamon is in the middle. See why a pillowcase works so good? It'll help you maneuver it. So I'm just gonna pat it out. Looking good. (oil spraying) All right, I'm gonna spray my pan, and this is the size biscuit. cutter I want to use. So there we go. And if you have any extra... - [Michael] And if you. don't have a cutter, you can use like a juice class. - [Paula] Yes. - Yeah, that's what I do. - [Paula] That's what you do. - Yep. - [Paula] And I like my. biscuits close together. These biscuits are truly delicious. And just push 'em through like that. And then we'll reroll our scraps when we are done cutting. all our biscuits out. Did you eat one of these, Michael? - [Michael] Yeah, I finally did. I was- - You gave in. - [Michael] I gave in. - You caved. Okay, so we just gonna take our scraps, kneed them a little bit more. - [Man] John was impressed. with 'em when he came in saw- - [Paula] Oh, he was? - [Man] On the two tiered stand. - [Paula] Good 'cause I was so busy, I didn't get to see his reaction to 'em. Now, you can cut these as thick, just depends on, you know,. how much you pat 'em out. All right, so another scrap reload. So that is it. All right, let's see what. I want to do with them. Do I want to egg wash. 'em, or do I want to... You know what I think I'm gonna do? - [Michael] Put butter on 'em. - Well, I got butter in them, and I think that's what. I did the other day, but something... Excuse me, I got to wash my hands again. (water running) When I made all those. the other day, Michael, I had you put the butter on it, didn't I? The little butter pats. - [Michael] Yeah. So it made 'em so good - Uh-huh, a little touch of butter. And you don't need much. because like I said, there's butter in it. - [Michael] Last thing you want do is overdo it with the butter, right? - [Paula] That's exactly right. I'm learning you good. But I'll tell you something else that- - [Michael] You remember,. you did the butter in the hamburgers? - Oh my gosh, those butter burgers. Now, they'll make you. wanna walk up and slap me, won't they? I just wanted do something special for our Sunday birthday gathering, and it turned out to be a big hit. All right, this also works good. I gotta wash my hands again, y'all. (water running) This also works good to help them brown, and I just use a butter flavored, no calories, no cholesterol, and no carbs. All right, so I'm gonna. put these in the oven. I'll bake them on about. 350 until they're done. And should I put a little. more sprinkles on them? Think I should. - [Michael] Cinnamon, put more cinnamon. - Well, the cinnamon's. on the inside, monkey. - [Michael] I know, put more on there. (loud blowing sound) - So you don't think. I put enough cinnamon? - [Michael] No, but it's good. - Okay, well, how about if I do this? - [Michael] Glad to see it. - Just on part of 'em. Now, there's all different kind. of ways you can make these. So if you make 'em, please. let me to hear from you 'cause I sure do want to know. Raisins and nuts would be good in 'em. You could almost make. 'em like a cinnamon roll. So in the oven this goes, and it'll probably take maybe 15 minutes, but our oven's gotta get hot first. And you know, I said you could. use all kind of sprinkles, but these little jimmies- - [Woman] How about you give those to me? - [Paula] Oh, okay. Those little jimmies hold up good 'cause they're big. enough that they'll stay. - [Man] Yeah, and it actually added like an extra little... I almost thought you had raisins in it when I bit into it.. - Did you? - [Man] But I mean, those. have a little texture to it. - Uh-huh, well, I can't wait 'cause I hope that's the. way I made 'em Sunday, but I can't swear to it 'cause you know I change my own recipes. Some days you feel like a. nut and some days you don't. All right, so our confetti. or sweet biscuits are ready. Now I've got confection sugar here. I probably got about a cup and a half, and I'm going to add... Oh, it's empty. Let me run over here. and et some more, Eddie. All right, that's about. a teaspoon of vanilla. And a little water just till. it's the right consistency. And you'll wanna ice these while your sweet biscuits are warm. Look at that cute little whisk. Isn't that cute? That's my speed. And I did put a pinch of salt in here too to cut the sweet taste just a little bit. All right, so I'm gonna put a little bit because I had to let my. biscuits sit a minute so they're not as warm as I. would have liked for them to be, so I'm making a little bit thinner. So here we go. Just like a donut, you know? And the warmer your biscuits. are, the more it will spread. So you don't want 'em to be too cold, but you don't want 'em. to be too hot either. This is so good, y'all. And it's just a different form of a birthday cake celebration. I gotta get the sprinkles on. them before the glaze dries, so our... Boy, that was like perfect. amount of powdered sugar. Okay. Ooh, that's good. So just few more sprinkles for the top. Stick a birthday candle in. those, and call them done. I wish Michael could eat one. He can't, but I guess I can. So good. You can make 'em as sweet as you want, as buttery as you want. Delicious. So please tell me y'all try it. If you change it around any,. let me know what you did.