- Hey, y'all. I am fixing to whip up the. most incredible little pecan... They're not pies. Little pecan muffins. They're mini muffins, and. they will melt in your mouth. Well, so, let me tell. you why I'm making them. The corporate office. got a call here in town from the team, Savannah Bananas, and they are a semi-pro. team that we have here, Ed, tell me, help me fill in the blanks on Sava--. - [Ed] They're baseball. - Yeah, it's baseball, did I not say that? Theresa, what are you doing. that you ain't answering me? - [Theresa] I don't know, I. mean, I don't really, I mean, (laughing) Jesse contacted me, is who we contacted. - Jesse, Jesse owns... - Jesse Colt... - [Ed] Cole. - Cole. I couldn't remember. what his last name was, but a very nice guy. And he's owned it now for. about four or five years? - [Theresa] Five. - Five years. He has. done an incredible job, and the stadium is. located on victory drive. And I'm telling you what. people really turn out. Don't they Theresa? - [Theresa] And this is the big deal, because they won the very. first year they were ever, they went to the championship. game and the won, and this is the fifth year, and they're going back. to the championship. - Oh good. - [Theresa] That's why. they've invited you. - Oh, oh, okay. - I hope everybody heard that. This is their first. Did you say this was the first? - [Theresa] This will be their fifth year, and they're going back. to the championship. They won it their first year. - Oh, okay. So five years ago they won. it and now they're going back - [Theresa] Yeah! - to try to win it again and. tonight is, is it the finals? - [Theresa] This is a second. game. So it's the best... It's the best - Okay, cause last night they won. - [Theresa] two out of three. so that if they win tonight, they won, but it could go to the south. It could go tomorrow. The outcome. - So I'm so excited. I have worked with Jesse before. I know I remember doing a. Christmas video with the, with the team a few years ago, and I've dressed up like Ms. Claus, and it was like in July, I thought I was going. to die from the heat, but these guys are so cute. and they're very, very good. So anyway, the person that. called the corporate office, I don't know if it was JC or not, but they said they've got. some big Paula Deen fans on the team, and would I. possibly come and just speak to them tonight before the. game and give them an attaboy? Well, of course I am honored. and delighted to do that. And I called all around to see. how many grandchildren would want to go, because I'll actually. be in the dugout, I think, right, Theresa? - [Ed] We're going to. go to the locker room. - Oh, we're goin into. the locker room y'all! - [Ed] Just ahead of the game, and then we'll go to the stadium - Good! Well, all the, all the grand babies. already have some plans, but Jamie is bringing Maddie and Jack. So I'm hoping that they'll go. into the locker room with me and get to meet these guys, because they are good. and they're dedicated. So we can't go empty handed.. We have to take them a treat. Don't we? Well, Eddie and I decided to. make them our little, pecan, let's just call them tarts. It's not really a tart, but. it's in the mini muffin pan. And cause Eddie said something about taking a banana nut. bread, but you know what? I just have had these little. things on my brain and I said, oh, let's make those, and Eddie said okay! And we can make a buttercream icing, and get some banana chips. and stick a banana chip on top of our muffin to let them know that we're really thinking. about the Savannah Banana team. So that's what we're going. to do. And this is so simple. You want some don't ya Mike? - [Mike] No. - You lyin! Haha! You lie! You lying. All right, I'm gonna take my flour and my brown sugar. And this is one cup of packed. brown sugar and a half a cup of all purpose flour. And I'm just going to mix. those two things together real well. We don't have to pull out. a mixer for this one y'all, and when I don't have to use a mixer, oh, it's a good day. It is a good day. So I'm going to get, I'm going to get my whisk. The reason Michael said. he didn't want one, He's been doing so good on his diet. He went to key west to the. Ernest Hemingway look alike and he kind of fell off the wagon. and he's had trouble crawling back up the wagon. Hadn't you? Michael? Oh he's crying y'all. (laughing) Hims crying. (laughing) - Don't cry. Big fat baby. (cackle laugh) Did you hear me, Michael? - [Mike] No. - He has so got me tuned out y'all Alright now, you need two eggs that. are slightly beaten, alright I'm going to get a spatula, and get every bit of that out. (dish clashes in sink) - And then we've got two thirds. of a cup of melted butter. Now, you know, it's good. That's flour, butter, (spatula taps on bowl) - sugar, and eggs. (dish clashes in sink) - And then we gonna top. these puppies off with, like a cup of chopped nuts. Where are you going? Crazy. You can have one muffin. Okay. So let's just review. It's one cup of packed, brown sugar, a half a cup of all purpose flour, one cup of chopped pecans, two thirds a cup of melted. butter, and two eggs. That is it y'all. And Eddie, Eddie makes these a lot for us when we need a quick snack. If I'm, if I don't have time, Eddie will jump in here and make these, and Eddie cooks his about 13 minutes, Eddie? - [Ed] Yeah. It doesn't take,. it doesn't take very long. - So I liked them where they'll. they they'll fall and then they'll get like a gooey center to them. So I don't want them to. have the texture of a cake. - [Ed] Yeah. I think if. you start checking it with, if the rim starts turning brown, that's, - Yes! - [Ed] that's just about it. - So you want to make. sure that you spray your mini muffin tan and you know, it's hard to spray little mini muffins. So this is what I do. (grease can sprays) - [Ed] You know, Jesse. - I'm about out. - [Ed] Jesse reminds me. of a modern day PT Barnum (cackle laugh) - [Ed] out of the greatest showman. I mean, he does such a great little act throughout the whole show. I mean, or gain. So call it a shack. (laughing) - No, it's for real. The game is for real. What does he do? Where. are you going Mikey? You go and take your records and go home. - [Mike] Nope. - What are you going to do? - I'm making a wasp trap - Oh. And show us what you doing. - I got jelly and water mixture, and that's my wasp trap - [Paula] And where's your wasp trap? - This is going to be over. on the other end of the house - [Paula] Oh, haha! You know, Bobby's got wasp out here. in this back porch y'all, and it's a kind of wasp. that they drill holes. It looks like a woodpecker doesn't it? Has been out there. Doesn't it Mikey? All right. Now I'm gonna. just grease my dipper and just scoop these right on up. To me, that's the perfect, perfect size. Is that about what you do, Eddie? - [Ed] Yeah. - Okay. So I'm fixing to. run these in the oven. I've got them dipped. and we'll see you back in like 10 or 12 minutes. All right. I told y'all it. was going to be really quick, and 350, I don't know if. I told you a preheat temp, but it's 350 and this is. how they turn out y'all They are incredible. See all the pecan? Got that wonderful gooey center. It's just like a little bite. of heaven, and I'm not kidding. - And all these need is my teeth, but because this is a gift, we're gonna do a little. pretty pretty to them. Savannah Bananas. The guys are gonna love them. So there you go. Just that easy. And I'll be back with. y'all for another video once I get to the stadium. and you can see all the guys, they're just neat guys. Hey, y'all I'm here in Savannah, Georgia at the Savannah Bananas stadium. and everybody is hyped up. If they win the game tonight, that means they win the championship. So I'm going to go surprise the boys, they don't know I'm coming. (band plays) - Take a look at all these folks, a bunch of Savannah Bananas around here! This is the king of Savannah Bananas. (everyone cheers and claps) (team shouts "Paula") - [Guy In Yellow Suit]. Paula wants to say a few. - [Paula] Thank you guys so much, for all the entertainment you bring to us, and all the enjoyment. I didn't bring enough muffins! (team laughs) - [Guy In Yellow Suit] No, you're good. - [Paula] So I want to tell. y'all what I made today. I shot a show earlier today, and I said I'm going to see. the Savannah bananas tonight. - [Team] And? - [Paula] What'd you say that for, why did you, why did you smile? (team laughs) - [Paula] I thought I. said something wrong! Anyway, I've got a recipe for the best, little pecan tart that you've. ever put in your mouth. (team woos) - [Paula] But we did a little. something extra to them guys. We put a little cream cheese icing, and a banana slice on top. (team whoops) - [Paula] These are the. Savannah Banana muffins (clapping and inaudible chatter) - [Paula] Y'all have one and pass. - [Team] Thank you! - [Paula] Can I have a. picture made with y'all? - [Team] Yes Ma'am! - [Guy In Yellow Suit]. Jump right over here. (hollers and wows) - [Camera Guy] It got. quiet all of a sudden. - On 3. 1, 2, 3. - Y'all, I have been asked by the team, if I would throw out the first pitch along with my grand boys, Jack and Maddie, so I'm going to home base. (announcer inaudible) - [Announcer] Please welcome, Paula Deen. (hollers and whistles) - On their way to the. mound are her two nephews, grandsons, I'm sorry. Paula, it's her grandsons. It's up to them... (announcer inaudible) (pre pitch game) - [Guy In Yellow Suit] Lets. get a little bit closer right here, a little bit closer Paula, a little bit closer Paula,. alright right there. On your mark, get set,. go! Overhead, overhead. Here we go, go Paula! (hollers and cheers from the audience) - [Guy In Yellow Suit] Let's hear it for Paula Deen and her grandsons.