- Hey y'all, welcome into my kitchen. I am gonna make the most. delicious, delicious dessert today and I'd be willing to bet that y'all all might have this recipe, but. I still wanted to share it just in case there's one person out there that'd never heard of it, and that recipe is Mountain Dew Cobbler. You wouldn't think about. putting Mountain Dew in your cobbler, would you? No, I hadn't, the only liquid I'd ever put in a cobbler was milk, so. this really intrigued me. Now the recipe calls for. two cans of crescent rolls, and you can see I floured my. cutting board a little bit so that my crescent rolls wouldn't stick, and I've just, I'm cutting. them apart at the seam, just like that. And then I'm gonna take my apple, calls for two apples, in quarters, you want eight pieces from an apple, because that's how many. dough strips you have. So I've already done some of 'em, 'cause I had a feeling. y'all didn't wanna watch me wrap 16 pieces of apple. So you wanna start at the big end, and just roll, roll, and. then you wanna put it seam side down in your casserole dish, and I sprayed this with a nonstick spray, just in case it wanted to stick. Perfect, that dish is. perfect for 16 of those. All right now, I've got. a cup of melted butter, and I have got a cup and a half of sugar, so I'm just gonna mix those together, and then I have my. cinnamon, that looks like about two teaspoons, I. think, right, Theresa? - [Theresa] Yes. - 'Cause Theresa measured all that for me, so we're just gonna mix. that up, and oh my goodness. - Mmm, my favorite things.. - That cinnamon. - [Theresa] Butter, sugar, and cinnamon. - Oh, and did I tell you this? One serving has 612 calories. Wait, I think Lulu's knocking. No, you're not going in there, no, no! Come on back in here.. - Come here, Lulu. - She wants to get in that living room because I bet she wants to pee-pee. - [Theresa] Come here, Lulu. Come here, Lulu. - All right.. - That's a rough job. - But I mean, like 612 calories, y'all, that is a lot. - [Eddie] You mean for just one little? - [Paula] For one serving, but I don't know how much? - [Eddie] Are two crescent. rolls a serving, please? - [Paula] 4.4 grams, how many servings? - [Paula] I would say like. a couple, wouldn't you? - [Theresa] Well Irish serving sizes, yes. - Yeah, it's funny because. I was thinking about my Krispy Kreme Donut Bread Pudding. This is right up here with that. All right, let me see what they say about, mix the melted butter, sugar, and cinnamon in a bowl and spoon evenly. over the dough-wrapped apples. Oh my goodness. (laughs) Oh, another one per lifetime recipe. And isn't it apple. season right now, Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes, well I guess, I mean gosh, I mean it's kind of like a candied apple a little bit, right? - [Paula] Yeah, yeah. You know, I told you, I got. to go to an apple orchard in Connecticut or somewhere,. somewhere up north. Could've been in New York,. you know, upper New York. - [Eddie] Oh yeah, I mean. everyone has orchards up that way, but yeah, here in Blue Ridge, (bell rings) there's a really good one--. - Oh, really? - [Eddie] Up in Georgia, yeah. - Well you know, my magazine folks gave me an apple tree as, I. think it was a Christmas gift, and we got apples off of. it this year, didn't we? - [Eddie] Yeah, and. I'm not sure they were, they were mainly green. with a little bit of red, and but they were ready. like back in August. - I know. - [Eddie] I wanna say, and it's funny because I almost had Mike take them out back in the spring because. there was no leaves, no flowering or anything on. the trees, and then boom. - Well, well I was just shocked because it took two to three years, and I got one apple off of it. All right, now I need 12. ounces of Mountain Dew. Gotta turn around, I don't. now how to read millimeters, look at that, 12 ounces, minus that much. Good guessing, so now. we're just gonna pour this over our apple dumplings. (laughs) Oh my gosh. (laughs) Yum, that's all I got to say, yum. All right, now we're gonna bake this in a preheated oven,. naturally, at 350 degrees and I did grease my casserole dish, just in case, you know,. it got dry and stuck. (phone rings) All right, so it says to. cook for 45 to 50 minutes. I'll get the phone, Eddie,. it's the gate I think. (phone dial tone) Somebody may have gotten it. All right, 45 to 50 minutes. I'm gonna put it on 40 because sometimes I really need to have. these ovens calibrated, 'cause I think it could. be off a little bit, so it's important, you know, that you do check your ovens and you know, we can go get a little oven thermometer, so it's so easy to calibrate it yourself or to see if it needs. calibrating, let's say that. All right. Bessie May. 45 to 50 minutes. Y'all, that was the longest 45 minutes that I've spent in a long time. So if you want time to pass. slow, make this cobbler and wait for 45 minutes, and it'll feel like. that clock is creeping. Look at this wonderful. Mountain Dew Cobbler, Mountain Dew Apple Cobbler. It would be wonderful with fresh pears, let me see, what else. would it be good with? - Peaches?. - Ice cream? - You could do peaches,. yeah, you could do peaches. Oh, ice cream is a must. - [Theresa] Whipped cream. - Or fresh whipped cream. if you're on a diet. (laughs) Y'all, I told you 617 calories a serving, so look at the serving. bowls I got out for us. This'll give us an opportunity. to just taste, right? - [Theresa] I think you're. just trying to tease us. - [Paula] Oh gosh, it's. still very, very hot. We're getting a half a. crescent roll apiece. All right Theresa, have. you ever had this before? - [Theresa] Never. - Oh, come on. Eddie, is there any way you. can shoot all three of us? Can we do that? - [Eddie] No, I'll-- - Will you hand me a spoon? - Oh yeah, I got it out for you and then here it is, anybody. need some more juice? Mine needs a little bit more juice. - [Theresa] Oh no, I'm good. - You want some more juice, Eddie? - [Eddie] I'll get mine. - Huh?. - I'll get mine. - You'll get yours?. - Yes, I'll get mine. - Okay, picky petunia. (laughs) Do it yourself. - Oh my lord. - (laughs) What you say, you praying? Are you praying over there?. - Pretty much. - [Eddie] You just ate. 200 calories right there. - I know, but it's worth it. (spoon clinks) - [Eddie] So have you-- - Is it not the best cobbler. you've ever tasted, sorry-- - [Theresa] This is family. reunion kinda cobbler, where people gonna remember you. - [Eddie] Mountain Dew, I mean, have you, you said you have made it. or you have not made it? - I have.. - You have. - Yeah, it's just been a good while, what were you asking? - [Eddie] Well I was wondering, you know, what the, the Mountain. Dew, what it does to, from a different cobbler--. - Wonder if it's caffeine? - It makes it go-ood? - [Eddie] Makes it sticky, gooey. - I mean, I don't drink Mountain Dew. - [Eddie] Well it's pure sugar. - 'Cause it, yeah, and caffeine,. and I feel like most days I don't wanna get too jacked up. - No. - 'Cause Mountain Dew will jack you up. Michael drinks it when. he needs to stay awake-- - I have friends that live on it. - Really?. - And I couldn't do it. - Mm-hmm. - I'd be, you'd have to. peel me off the ceiling. So good. - It's incredible, incredible. I can't remember what I was gonna say. - [Theresa] One of the best dishes. So we can eat more? - That half a crescent. just made my mouth mad. Wants to know where the other. half of that crescent are. (laughs) Well y'all, if you've never had it, please try it. You know, surely the. caffeine would cook out of the Mountain Dew. - [Theresa] I was gonna. ask you that question and then I was worried that. that was just a dumb question. - I don't know, but I'll tell you what. - If it jacks me up--. - We'll let 'em know. - So be it. (laughs) - [Theresa] It was worth it. - Oh, love and best dishes, y'all.