- I am just consumed with. thoughts of Memorial Day, because you know, it's. like we can see some light at the end of the tunnel. We just hope it ain't that damn train, you know what I mean? But I just feel like. the country is starting to come back, as far as health-wise and, I'm just hoping and praying that everybody's gonna be able to. enjoy Memorial Day this year. So, I'm just thinking. about quick and easy things that you can make for your family to enjoy that doesn't break the bank and it certainly doesn't break the brain. This one's so, so easy. So, I've got a cup and. a half of heavy cream, and I'm adding two. tablespoons of sugar to it. And I'm just gonna whip this until it's pretty firm peaks, of fluffy whipping cream. Did I ever tell y'all. what we're making today? (Paula Deen laughs) I think I was just talking to. y'all about the ease of this. We're making a double. strawberry shortcake. All right, now I've got my. cream mixed really, really nice. But, it needs about another. 30 seconds to a minute. So, now I'm gonna add to my whipped cream, three tablespoons of strawberry preserves. All right. And like I said, I'm. gonna whip this together for about another 30 seconds. (hand mixer whirring) You'll wanna be careful when. you're whipping your cream. Because, if you over-whip it,. it'll turn back into butter. And for this recipe we don't want butter. Now, I've got a beautiful. homemade cake right here. This is mamma's homemade pound cake. (cake stand slams) (Paula Deen laughs) That's the heaviest top,. Eddie. I'm so afraid. This is a vintage top, and I'm so afraid I'm gonna drop it one day. I've had it a good. while though, haven't I? - [Eddie] Yeah. - Now, I've got this pound. cake, but you know what? I think I'm gonna go. with my first thought, which is a store-bought, bought this from the deli. at the grocery store. So, I think I'm gonna. save my homemade cake for, a different dessert. All right, so, let's. see, I need to cut these. I'm gonna kinda, just trim that end. And we wanna cut these. about an inch thick. All right. So, I have, I think it was. a pint of strawberries, and a couple of tablespoons of sugar. And we let these sit for a little while, and that just makes the best. The best. Alright, let me see. Sometimes I can't remember,. there's so many things rolling around in my head. So, we're gonna put. the strawberries first. Oh, that looks so good. Now, you could serve 'em open faced, or you could serve it like. I'm going to serve it. Because I call this a. double strawberry shortcake, and it wouldn't be a double if I didn't stack 'em on top of each other, would it? And I do love lots of. strawberry juice, y'all. Okie doke. And now, I'm gonna top it. You can see our cream, went a little bit towards the pink side. The pink side. It's been so long since I've made this. So, I would definitely suggest adding more strawberry preserves. to your whipping cream. 'Cause I'd like it to be,. you know, a nice pinky color. But that looks pretty good, doesn't it? - [Woman Off Screen] Ooh, she's being skimpy on the whipped cream. (Paula Deen laughs) - [Paula Deen] You think so? - [Woman Off Screen] Uh huh. - Well, get your tail over here and taste, before you start complaining, sister. (Paula Deen laughs) And, how easy was that? - I mean, that's the nice thing. And I get, and you know,. people think desserts are hard because they think. they take a lot of time, and they don't realize are so many. - And you used to think. that too, didn't you? - [Woman] Yes, I did. I did. That's why I like this recipe, because for those of us. that think it's hard, you just showed us it's not. Yum. Oh see, I'd have the whipped. cream all the way around. - Well, honey, I'll give. you some more whipped cream. But I really would add. more strawberry preserves. - [Woman] And if you. didn't want it that sweet, you could always put a little. food coloring in it too. And make it, pink it up if you want. - [Paula Deen] Yeah. But,. it's not really sweet. Mmm Mmm. - But you know, I can eat. whipped cream with a spoon. - Me too. (Woman laughs) And even that little store-bought. deli cake, from the deli, is perfectly delicious. for this dish, isn't it? - Mm Hmm, it's a good butter. - Mm Hmm. - My mom used to buy. those little shortcakes. - So did my mamma. - [Woman] Loved 'em. - Mm Hmm. - Little sponge cake. I. almost bought angel food cake. 'Cause I know, I think,. Eddie likes angel food, If I remember correctly. - Yes. - [Eddie] I do. - But, then I went for. the full-fledged fat one. (Paula Deen laughs) This is so tasty. The strawberries are. not so sweet that they. - [Woman] Now, did you tell them. The strawberries, they. tell you to cut them up, and let them come to room. temperature with your sugar in it. So, those were done in advance. - Didn't I, did I tell them that, Eddie? - [Eddie] Uh, well, I don't think you said come to room temperature. - Before you start your recipe, you wanna slice your strawberries up. and sprinkle 'em with sugar, so it can start making its syrup. See? There's no water in that, that is just the sugar pulling that beautiful juice out. of those strawberries. And you don't feel like. you have shortchanged your guests at all by. using a store-bought cake, because it's absolutely as. good if I have used that one. (Paula Deen laughs) So, if we are able to start back celebrating with larger family groups. You know, you wanna make it easy, you don't wanna make it hard. So, this is a great one. to do that with, y'all. So, love and best dishes! (Paula Deen laughs) Mmm Mmm. Good. Yummy to my tummy.