- I love a whoopie pie. How 'bout, y'all? Do y'all like whoopie pies? They have been around since what, the '40s maybe or the '50s? I know I remember seeing. 'em as a young child, so at least 30 years ago. (laughs) Is anybody buying that? (laughs) I don't think anybody bought it, Eddie. No, but they have been around a long time. Personally, I don't care. for the store boughts, but I do love a homemade whoopie pie. And I'm gonna share with y'all a recipe that was in "Cooking with. Paula Deen" magazine, and it's a banana cream whoopie pie. So it's really good. So I'm gon' start over here with my sugar, (taps bowl) and there'll be a link, y'all, so you can get all the. correct measurements. Y'all just have to let me know if y'all really prefer me. really reading them out, or you're good with me just telling you what it is without giving y'all the correct amount since you have a link. I got butter on my sunglasses,. on my reading glasses. (laughs) All right. So I'm going to cream my butter, my sugar, and my vanilla. (mixer hums) And I'm just gonna beat. this until it's fluffy, three or four minutes,. something like that. (mixer hums) Now we're gonna add one egg at the time, beating well after each. While Theresa's doing that, and she's giving me extra hands, y'all, (beaters clink against bowl) I'm gonna go ahead and blend in our flour. I think it's two cups of. all purpose, right, Theresa? - [Theresa] Yes, ma'am. - [Paula] And baking soda, baking powder, and a little salt.. - [Theresa] I'm gonna go ahead and add in the other egg.. - [Paula] Yes, please. Thank ya. All right, so we don't have to sift this. If you use a whisk on. this, it works real well, almost as good as sifting it. Okay, Theresa, while you're. standing here. (laughs) - I just need a spatula. - You wanna finish helpin' me? - [Theresa] Certainly.. - Okay. You know, that's the only thing about using the hand mixer. is you can't walk off. - No, you cannot.. - With a hand mixer. - Hold on, I didn't get all of this. - Okay, you gonna scrape your sides. - [Theresa] You know, I gotta make sure all that butter.... - She has become a regular Betty Crocker, y'all. (both laugh) - It is scary.. (Paula laughs) My husband loves it. - I know he does. That's pretty, Theresa. (mixer hums) Pretty cream and I'll. scrape your bowl for ya, how 'bout that?. - Oh, look at this. - Teamwork. - [Theresa] Makes the dream work. - [Paula] Uh huh. (mixer hums) (taps spatula on bowl) Okay, now we're gonna add a little milk. We're gonna alternate. our flour and our milk. Gonna start it with flour and. we're gonna end with flour. All right, now we got our. parchment paper over here. Now the important thing is. when you're doing whoopie pies, it's very, very important that when you first get started make up your mind how big you. want your whoopie pies to be. And it's important that. you makes every one of 'em the same identical size. (scooper clinks) - [Theresa] I guess my ice. cream scoop's a little sick. - (laughing) It darn sure is sick. - [Theresa] But it works. - Okay, I'm gonna give it almost spray, so our batter will come out nice and easy. All my ice cream scoops. are in storage, y'all, except for my favorite, favorite one that my friends sent me. All right, so that's. what I have to remember about that size right there. (parchment paper crunches) I have made so many of these. in my children's lifetime. Great time of day. I would make 'em and I'd. wrap 'em in Saran wrap and put them in the fridge, (scooper clinks) and they'd bring all the. neighborhood kids in. (parchment paper crunches) - [Eddie] That's a great color. - [Paula] Isn't this a pretty color? - [Theresa] It was my good mixing skills. - [Eddie] Your mixing skills? - [Theresa] Mm-hmm.. - [Paula] Yes, it was. We've got this sheet ready. We're gonna put it in the oven, 350 preheated for 12 minutes or whenever your oven says they're ready. Okie-doke, we gonna finish up our banana whoopie pies. Now I'm just putting these. in a little lemon juice because you know how. quickly bananas can turn. And these are gonna be. going in the refrigerator. I'll store 'em in the refrigerator. So I do want 'em to last a little while. All right, now to get at. filling for our whoopie pie, this was so, so simple. You mixed a cup of milk, a half a cup. Was it a half a cup of half and half? Heavy cream. And then one small. banana cream pudding mix. And was it instant? Yeah, instant. Can't hardly see no more. So instant. Now all you have to do is. mix that together real good. And then you put it in the. refrigerator and let it sit for about an hour and this. is what you're gonna get. (bowl clanks on counter) Okay, so you're filling will. get really, really stiff. Now you wanna turn the bottom. of your whoopie pie up, and then we're gonna put some bananas. Are you guys ready for a whoopie pie? - [Henry] Actually, yes. - [Paula] Who wants a whoopie pie, you? You do?. - [Henry] Yes. - [Paula] All right, not I'm not putting as much on that side, uh oh. (laughs) I'm not putting as much. whoopie on the other side. - [Henry] Yes, please. - Y'all, this is Henry. This is Michelle's oldest son. (laughs) Smile when you tell 'em hey. You're so sweet and so friendly. All right, put you a little of the cream on the bottom of your cookie or your cake. Okay. Okay, you'll wanna spread. that out just a little bit. Okay, and now we'll put you some bananas. Now spread you just a little. bit of your whoopie on this. You wanna put a little bit. more, spread it on out. Okay, you want one more piece of banana. - Sure.. - [Paula] Okay. There's your whoopie pie. (laughs) There's your whoopie pie. Eat up. - [Eddie] Bite. - And tell us what it tastes like. Come around here. (laughs) What does it taste like? - Banana pudding. - That's exactly right. That's what it's supposed. to taste like. (smacks lips) It's good, isn't it? (laughs) Kid-approved. - Instead of an ice cream sandwich, it tastes like a banana sandwich. - You know what, I love banana sandwiches, love, love banana sandwiches. So like I said, it's got. Henry's stamp of approval on it. So loving best dishes to. all of y'all out there. John, come have a whoopie pie. You don't want mushrooms on. your whoopie pie, do you? Okay. (laughs) Didn't you tell me you. didn't like mushrooms? - Mm-hm.. (Paula laughs) - But you like bananas, don't ya? - Yes, ma'am. - All right, let's sit that right there, and then we gonna put a little cream on the bottom of that one. This has got gimme. swallowing hard. (laughs) - Is that vanilla flavor? What is it?. - Mm-hmm, taste it. - Banana pudding, yummy. - (laughs) Good! It's got two 10's. Or is it five-star? I guess five star. Two five star.. - A hundred. - A hundred? (laughs) They like it. - Love it. Oh, they don't like it. They love it. (giggles) Thank you, boys for being my Guinea pigs. - Welcome. - You a Guinea's Guinea pig. - [Eddie] Say thank you. - Thank you.. - Thank you a lot. - You're so welcome a lot.