- Hey, y'all. Over the years, there have. been a few recipes that, I don't care what piece. of the country I'm in, somebody's gonna say something. about a certain recipe. Well, this is one of those recipes. And you talk about easy, easy, easy, and it's my orange. blossoms or lemon blossoms. And the recipe was in, I. think, my second cookbook, "The Lady & Sons, Too!" And I know that it's also in. the "Kitchen Classics" book. So you can make an orange blossom, which is the recipe here in the book, but I'm gonna make lemon blossoms in the little miniature cups. And you're just not gonna. believe how good these are. And I'm starting with a cake mix, y'all. And I have instructions (package rustling) in the recipe as to how to put the cake together. And it's real simple, too. One yellow cake mix, one small box of lemon instant pudding, and let's see, I've got 3/4 a cup of oil, and 3/4 a cup of water. So I think that's pretty much what it said on the box, didn't it Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes. - Some cake mixes call. for softened butter, some call for oil. So, I just like the way oil, how it reacts with the cake mix. It just makes it very, very moist. All right, so we just. gonna mix this up good. We gonna beat beat it. for a couple of minutes and now I'm gonna add my eggs. Kind of one at a time. (mixer whirs) And, you don't wanna use, you don't wanna use the. little muffin liners for this recipe, because after we bake 'em off, they gonna be taken a wonderful bath. All right. So on with our lemon blossoms. All right, I'm gonna wanna make sure, these are nonstick pans, but I wanna make sure that. I spray 'em real, real good because we don't want any sticking. (cooking spray fizzes) and I'm using the (cooking spray fizzes) (pan clatters) the spray that has flour in it also, so it's really good to. keep it from sticking. So every time I go look. for something, y'all (Paula chuckling) I have to remember that we're. not living in our house, we're living in Bobby's house (chuckling) and my stuff is in storage. (chuckling) So, you wanna make sure. that your muffin tins are filled exactly even. Now, I've sprayed this. I sprayed this so that. our batter will come out and I'm using about a tablespoon per hole 'cause, like I said, we wanna make sure they all get cooked at the same time. So I'm not gonna ask y'all to watch this. This is like watching paint dry. - [Michael] Why do they call it badder? They shoulda called it gooder. (Paula laughing) - Now y'all see what I live with? He thinks of all this crazy. stuff that I never think of. But it's like his little. mind never stops. (chuckling) He thinks up the goofiest stuff. Well, it's batter, not better. See, if it was called better, I'm like you, I would. question it, but it's batter. - [Michael] Yeah, like bad, badder. (Paula chuckling) - But it's actually gooder. (chuckling) Okay, we've got all the tins filled and it's actually gonna. make about four dozen. You know, it could vary a little bit, depending on how full. you filled your cups. So, in the oven they go. (pan clatters) Gosh, I can't remember how. long I normally bake these, but I had the oven preheated at 325. And let's see what I said,. bake for 10 to 12 minutes. So while those are baking, I'm going to, you know, I told you they. was gonna get a bath, so I'll show you what. they gonna be bathing in. And I'm gonna go back to my cookbook and refer to measurements. All right, for our glaze, we've got three cups of. confectioner's sugar, 1/2 a cup. Where'd I put it? Oh. I put it over here in Michael's area. So I'm gonna add 1/2 a cup. of concentrated lemonade. You know, the frozen little. containers of lemonade? I'm using 1/2 a cup. Now, if we were making. the orange blossoms, I would be doing orange juice. And I'm adding three. tablespoons of melted butter. (bowl clatters) And I'm gonna need three. tablespoons of water. (water splashing) So, it's all pretty easy. What I'd do with my? Oh, there it is. (water splashing) How you coming with your tuna fish? - [Michael] Good, it's. almost a egg salad tuna fish. - All right, it's hard to fill up a- - [Eddie] Egg salad tuna fish. (Michael laughing) (spoon clinking) Paula, maybe you and Michael can reenact what's going on on your. shirt after this episode? - Oh! (laughing) Listen, I was with the. triplets this morning and you know how much they. love ballerinas, Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes. - And I had some ballerina. pillows made for their cribs for the two girls, not Linton. And I walked up to 'em and they said, "Ah, Guinea, ballerinas, ballerinas." Even Linton was saying,. "Guinea, Guinea, ballerinas. Senor, senor." (laughing) Talking about the man. I said, "Well, that's. Patrick Swayze, baby." Or is it Peepaw? (laughing) - [Michael] Hell of a resemblance. - And is this Guinea? Y'all, I loved, loved,. loved, "Dirty Dancing." I swear to you, I have seen it, I know, at least a hundred times. Every time I see it on, I. stop, sit down, and watch it. Because I just thought. it was just wonderful. And (dishes clattering) so Teri, my friend that owns what, A Little Piece of Heaven? - [Eddie] A Little Bit of Heaven. - A Little Bit of Heaven, the bakery, you know, she did a show. with me, a video with me. She was showing us how. to make the cocoa bombs. Well she went up to the lodge where "Dirty Dancing" was actually filmed. And so while she was there, she bought me a "Dirty Dancing" t-shirt. And Teri, I have to tell ya, I don't know who loves it the most, my grandchildren or me. (chuckling) So every time I wear it,. I'll think about you girl, and just cross my fingers. that "Dirty Dancing" will come on for the 2000th time, 'cause I will be watching it. All right, so I've got the timer set (whisk whumping) for 10 to 12 minutes, and I'm gonna run back over. the measurements of this real quick like. It's three cups of confectioner's sugar, 1/2 a cup of frozen lemonade. concentrate, thawed, three tablespoons of melted butter, and three tablespoons of water. So when our lemon blossoms come out, we're gonna immediately dip. 'em into their sugar bath. And (dishes clattering) I confess, in the recipe, I instruct everybody to dip 'em once, but I let 'em dry and I dip 'em twice. So I may have to make up more batter, but I just love the way it soaks up that frosting-like stuff. (chuckles) So, I'll see you in 10. (water splashing) Okay, so here we go, y'all. These made four dozen,. and I just told Eddie, I said, "You know, it's been. a while since I made 'em, and I really filled my. little cups too full." So, it probably would make five dozen. You know, if I hadn't a been. so eager to fill 'em so full. (pan clatters) All right, so I'm gonna. bring 'em over here. (whisk tapping) And like I said, it's been a long time since I've made these, so I'm gonna see which. is gonna be the best. To fork it, or tongue it. I think maybe fork it. And I'm definitely gonna have to make some more frosting up, Eddie, if I do 'em twice. You just won't believe how good these are. You know, I have to tell y'all this, to my knowledge, they used to make a box lemon cake mix and it was good. But then all of a sudden it changed and it was so artificial tasting. So y'all please don't think. you can use a yellow cake mix. You know, it's- - [Eddie] A lemon cake mix? - What did I say? - [Eddie] A yellow. - Yeah, (laughing) a yellow. A lemon cake mix, I. would not recommend that. I would stick with the yellow and the lemon or orange. jello pudding. (chuckling) Look at that, look at that. Yum. So here we are friends, a. double-dipped lemon blossom. So delicious, so easy to make, but look at the mess we made, Eddie. Look over there at our mess. (laughing) But you're not supposed to look at that, you're just supposed to look. at this beautiful plate. And speaking of this plate, my best friend, Bubbles,. Susan, Susan Green, and Phil, her husband,. came over last weekend to bring Aunt Peggy here for. her doctor's appointment. And Susan's mother is 94 years old. This beautiful crystal dish was. given to her on her wedding. It was a wedding gift and she's 94. And Susan asked if I would like it. And I said, "Oh my gosh, yes." So, it's probably 75 years old, right Eddie? - [Eddie] Yeah. I would assume she probably got married in her early twenties. - Yeah, well this means. so much to me, this dish. I don't know how Susan parted with it, but she has probably got. things like this out her ears because her mother never. got rid of a thing. She was a little rat pack. (chuckling) So look how beautiful, Susan. Thank you, Bubbles. I wish I could send you one. And I just love my dish, it reminds me of my grandmother. Paul's, that I treasure. It's much like this. Same shape, different little handle. But I hope y'all enjoy this. And in the cookbook, and maybe on the web, it's gonna come up orange blossoms. So just change it all out. And I did, (chuckles) I did double my glaze recipe 'cause most folks. probably wouldn't have 'em this coated, but I like it that way. - [Eddie] You're not gonna take a bite? - Huh? - [Eddie] You're not gonna take a bite? - You want me to take a bite? I've already eaten one, Eddie. (laughing) I'm gonna put these over here. I'm gonna eat so many. of these things, y'all, it's gonna be sickening. And poor Michael's gonna have. to sit there and watch me. You know, I gotta get. my butt on a diet, too. I can't stand the thoughts. of him getting skinny and me staying fat and fluffy. (laughing) Love and best dishes, y'all. And I will see y'all later.