i'm in the kitchen today with john bash he's . so cute i'm actually fixing to make him a sweet   potato bread pudding with a pecan crumble topping . and i have asked john to separate six eggs for me   and i'm gonna be making the custard now . the custard is gonna be two cups of milk   do you like bread it's a pecan or pecan you . know that discussion goes on all the time   you say tomato say tomato you say potato . i say potato i'm gonna add a half a cup of   white sugar in goes a half a cup of brown . sugar so all total we've got one cup   so we're just gonna mix that up now i've got . a cup and a half john of pureed sweet potato   and if you would you can add that uh one . and a half cups of pureed sweet potato   now all i did y'all was bake off some sweet . potatoes and i just put that through a food   processor to get them real smooth for me could . you use a canned sweet potato yes but you know   too easy just to do the real thing it's too easy . to do a real sweet potato all right here's a whisk   and i'll whisk it john if you would i'm going . to need a half a teaspoon of cinnamon is this   like one of my teaspoons or one of yours so it's . something more exact than that one of mine either   way we've got this so that's a half teaspoon of . cinnamon yes and a quarter of a teaspoon of nutmeg   you know nutmeg that's powerful oh it's powerful . stuff well if you just kind of beat up those yolks   for me all right and we're gonna let this heat up . and then uh we'll come back and we'll temper our   eggs into our custard so come on down here john . just come right around here you little sweet thing   i love bossing you around i like being . boss do you all right we're gonna add   one cup of flour a half a cup of oats and then . we're gonna need another cup of brown sugar   and i toasted off some pecans so we're . going to need anywhere from a half duff cup   you know you could get two can thing again yeah . you can't put too many nuts in it to suit me all   right and what i need for you to do is slice this . bread here let me get that then okay if you'll   do that i'm going to watch over our custard . pot and how about how thick do you want them   well something about a little bit thicker a little . thicker now i'm going to check on our custard it's   coming up to heat john uh now that i have these . sliced what if you would john just line the bottom   of our pan okay would you spread it yes yeah . it's gonna take about five okay so you can just   slice one of these there you go just well . actually just cut it in half this away   there you go all right all right so if you would . you want to temper this in yeah all right so   by tempering we mean that we're slowly bringing . those yolks up to heat so that they won't become   scrambled eggs when we put them in our hot custard . because we don't want scrambled egg sweet potato   bread well the smells good the smell and it smells . delicious just like thanksgiving should smell yes well john now that we've added the eggs i . need you to cut a stick of softened butter   into our pecan mix and once the custard thickens . i'm just gonna add the two teaspoons of vanilla   then we're covering the first layer of our . bread y'all with half of the custard just   like that half of it spread it out okay and . just do the same for the second layer y'all cover this with a plastic wrap and we're gonna . let it sit for at least eight hours it's not   gonna hurt it to see it so we're just gonna . put that crumbled up topping look how thick   doesn't that look good and so yeah . baby now all of it yes uh all of it   this is gonna be delicious bread has had a . chance to soak up all those eggs and the milk   how does that look that's beautiful okay . john just slip that in there and remember our   oven has been preheated to 350 degrees we're . going to bake it off for 45 minutes and then   you're going to be a happy manner look at this . all right look at here beautiful our bread   pudding and so how do we go about we just cut into . it or just just stick it in and it's gorgeous now   all that's left to do is to top it with some . whipped cream and just a few extra pecans   and look at these beautiful pansies that are . uh and what we could do growing in my garden   i'm gonna put one of these right there yes i'm . gonna put us up this is a great idea you don't   mind if i steal them no get you a fork and i'm . gonna just just wrap myself at home sit here   stay you can stay as long as you like honey or at . least do you mind if i uh bring them along too hmm   what do you think about the bread pudding i . think i don't want to leave i'm telling you   coffee and chicken like i said you don't . have to just when you see the husband run hey y'all it's paula dean now if . you enjoyed this blast from the past   be sure to like it and click the subscribe button   as well as the notification bell to be alerted . when i post a video love and best dishes y'all