- Hey y'all, you know just. lately I've been asking y'all, if you had a recipe that you and your family have loved for years, or just loved in the last year, to share 'em with me. And I'm so happy to be able. to give y'all credit for 'em. I'd just love to know what other families, love out there. So I'm getting some response and I'm going to read this. letter as quick as I can to you. Hey Paula, I love watching your videos. I usually watch them while. I'm making breakfast. Thanks for making me laugh,. it is so needed this year. I met you in Durham, North. Carolina about 15 years ago, I had my mom and baby girl with me. You held baby Madeline, and now she's learning to drive, I can't believe it. Anyway, I want to share a recipe for my grandmother Evelyn Brown, my mother's mother. She passed away several years ago but one way that we. like to remember her by is the good food she made for us, and the way she prepared. a meal for her family. This recipe is for Chew Bread. I don't know why she named it that. It's more like a cookie bar, and it's so good! I have kept the recipe, I have kept the recipe on a. Post-it note all this time, because I wrote it down. when I was talking to her on the phone, Lauren Caldwell. I thank you so much, Lauren, for sharing this recipe with me and, and all of our friends out there. It just, it just makes. me feel good to know that other people have wonderful memories like I have of being in the kitchen with mamas and grandmamas. and aunts and friends. So we are fixing to make. your grandmamas, Chew Bread. And again, I thank you Lauren. So here we go and plus it's real easy. You forgot to say that didn't you Lauren? Lauren? Lauren. It's Lauren, not Lauran. Alright, so preheat oven to. 300 degrees, we've done that. Butter a 13 by 9 by 2. pan, we've done that, combine one stick of melted butter, one box of light brown sugar, and two cups of self-rising flour. Now this sounds a little like. my Aunt Glennis's chewies. Do you Eddie. - [Eddie] Yes. - I just made some kind of recent- - [Eddie] Right, I think we. put coconut I think in ours. - [Woman] It had icing in too. - No, not on the Chewy's, not on the chewy. - [Eddie] The brownies had the icing - Oh yeah. The decorate Maggies Yes, yes, If everything wasn't. enough, there was an icing. All right. So that's, this bag is. equivalent to one box. It's a 16 ounce box. I love stirring recipes. You don't have to collapse. a big old mixer or anything. Okay, three eggs, three eggs beaten, and then pour those in. So it looks like this might be- all right now, that was. plain flour to what- - [Woman] Self rising - No. Two cups of self-rising. Okay, so it is going to rise up. And Lauren said bake for about 40 minutes it's tempting to cut into them, when they come out of the oven, but wait, they get sort of crackly tops, once they are cool, then you can cut them to squares and enjoy. Keep making those videos Paula. Thank you, Lauren. Thank you, thank you, thank you. All right. It calls for an eight ounce. bag of semi-sweet chocolate, but there's no such thing as. an eight ounce bag anymore, they're nine ounce. So I'm going to leave. a little bit in there. Calls for three fourths of. a cup of chopped pecans. Yeah, this looks like my chewies. Chew bread, I love it. All right, now I'm going to stir in our. two cups of self-rising flour and let's see how much. vanilla, one teaspoon. That's kinda my teaspoon Lauren. I have a big teaspoon. Oh my gosh, I can't wait for. these to come out of the oven. So, you know, I, like I said, just lately, I have been requesting if. y'all would share your family recipes with me. And so Laura is, and I shot a video, of a pineapple cake the other day that somebody sent to me, it is out of this world and it's like this, you just mix it up - [Eddie] And it is gone. - It's gone. - [Eddie] That thing went fast - It was gone last night. - [Eddie] Yes. - It was one little edge like. that left and I ate that. Oh my gosh. And I'm going to be making another one. I'm going to make another one. because that was too good. - Okie dokie. - [Eddie] And I had it for breakfast. - You did. - [Eddie] I did. - That's where my cake went. Oh, I'm going to make one this afternoon. If I've got a can of pineapple. Calls like 20 ounce can of pineapple. Now who sent that to me? - [Woman] Well, you might. not need to after this. Elizabeth. - Elizabeth, yes Elizabeth Vanwinkle I Love it. All right. I think I hear Michael coming in. Chew bread, it really does look like. my aunt Glennis's chewies. So we'll see. Grandmothers have left us with lotta good memories over the years. You know, I just hope that when my grandchildren get some age on, that they'll, they'll say, oh, remember granny? What she used to make for us? Cause' that's what it's all about is, keeping the family going. With all your family traditions. So in the oven this goes, 40 minutes Lauren says, and that's what I'm going to put it on. That looks matching mighty good. It doesn't look like bread either does it? Okay, we got Lauren's. grandmother's Chew bread. We cook it for 40 minutes and she said, now you gon' wanna cut into it, but don't. Because it's so much better after it's cooled. - [Eddie] I love the top - [Woman] And it crinkles on the top - It's going to crinkle as it cools. So I'm going to do as Lauren requested, I'm going to let it cool before I cut it, but I'll be sharing it with y'all. When I do. Hey Lauren, I have done. exactly as you told me to do and we have let these get cold, grandmamas chew bread. It reminds me very much of my. aunt Glennis's chewy cakes. Okay, I can't wait Lauren. - [Woman] Brown sugar All I can say is keep them. cards and letters coming kids. Thank you for sharing Lauren.