(upbeat music continues) So I want us to move along try next dish, because you're gonna love this one. All right, I'm gonna show y'all, how to make some of the neatest biscuits. (Paula laughing) (dog panting) It's you again? (Paula laughing) You knew I just took that off the oven. (Paula laughing) Now this is not gonna make but 10 biscuits (Paula spraying) and you can see that my. container will hold 12. So in the other two, I'm gonna pour a little water in (water pouring) because I don't want. my muffin tin to burn. All right, now we gonna start with some crushed pineapple. I think I discovered this, when I was wanting some different breads. I was wanting some easy breads (utensils clanging) and I really don't need, (fluid pouring) but like a 10 ounce can. All right, so we got our pineapple drained over here. (utensils clanging) And we got our pineapple juice that we're gonna come back to. Now let's see, I'm gonna need a half. a cup of brown sugar. And I keep my brown. sugar in this canister, along with a little piece of bread, because that keeps your brown sugar from getting so hard on you. So you see how easy it. was for me to dip in there and get that brown sugar. All right, so we got our brown sugar and we gonna add our. drained crushed pineapple, along with about a half a. stick of softened butter. It looks so good, doesn't it? When I was forming like this, I kinda wanted a quick and easy like pineapple upside-down cake. And I said well, how come I. can't do it with a can biscuit? (utensils clanging) All right. (utensils clanging) So now we're gonna take a spoonful of this and we gonna put it into the bottom of each. of our muffin cups. Hmm, looks just yummy already don't it? (utensils clanging) All right, so the only thing we need now, to make it a pineapple. upside-down cake is a cherry. So I'm gonna come in here and I'm gonna stick a. cherry into each one, and I'm gonna stick it. all the way down in there and make sure it's hitting the bottom. Because when we take our biscuits out, we gonna invert them. And we want that cherry to be seen. Now we're just gonna take our biscuits. It scares me every time. they always do that. And you can use any brand of biscuit that you like. I love the buttermilk biscuits. All right, so remember a few minutes ago, I told you when these biscuits are ready, we gonna invert them so, our pineapple and our cherry is gonna be on the top and you know how children love cherries. So all I'm going to do now, is just take a little. of our pineapple juice and just pour right on. top of each biscuit. Just like that. So good, in 12 minutes, we're gonna have a biscuit that tastes so much like. pineapple upside-down cake. All right. Oh, I got two of them back here now. (oven closing) All right. I've got some pineapple. upside-down biscuits. Do y'all like pineapple? - Yeah.. - Yes and butter and brown sugar. Well, I've had them cooling over here. So we gonna have one more extra treat. Now I've got to get rid of this water in the muffin tins, and we gonna quickly, give them a turn. (Paula laughing) How's that for magic? - Yeah (laughs).. - Yeah. All right, there you go. Let's get you that pretty one. Mmm.. Isn't it good? Uh-huh (upbeat music playing) So until next time, to all you children, big and small, I send y'all love and best dishes from my kitchen to yours.