- Y'all come on in and join me 'cause I'm. fixing to make probably, it's one of the top. three cakes that I make, and everybody has made one, I'm sure, one time in their life,. and that's a carrot cake. And this recipe was given to. me by my grandmother, Hiers, my daddy's mama, and I just thought her. recipe was the best of all. So, and it's so simple. I pulled out a mixer, but you know, I really don't have to have one. And in my cookbook I was just. reading the instructions. And this is just the way. grandma gave it to me. She said bake for 40 minutes. I think that's too long. I've never baked these for 40 minutes. So I'm gonna start with two cups of sugar. I'm gonna add two cups. of all purpose flour. I'm gonna add two. teaspoons of baking soda, one teaspoon of salt, and two teaspoons of ground cinnamon. Now all I want to do for that is just kind of whisk it together, it's almost like sifting, you know, when you use this whisker, Not a whisker up here, but this one. Am I saying that right, Andy, whisker? - Whisker.. - It's a whisker, isn't it?. - It is, yeah. (laughing together) It just sounds funny 'cause I think about them little black hairs. that's coming out of my chin. And y'all know what I'm talking about. Where them ugly things. come from, I don't know. Alright, so now I'm gonna add my eggs. And that's four eggs. Let's see what else I want to add. I wanna add one and a half. cups of vegetable oil. And this is what makes. that carrot cake so good. In fact, if you're baking. a cake that calls for oil, you know that sucker is gonna be good and it's gonna be moist. (whisker whirring) Alright, I'm gonna add. two teaspoons of vanilla. That's maybe one and a half. My vanilla is so good, y'all, this is a pure extract. Let's see ingredients,. Madagascar Bourbon vanilla bean. That's it. Yummy. Alright, so I'm gonna stir that in and then I'm gonna stir in my carrots, and that's three cups. If you got nothing but whole carrots and you got a food processor, you can chop 'em up good in that. If you've got babies in the house and you've got baby carrot food. I've made it with two. jars of baby carrots, and that's good too. But I just like being. able to see the carrots. Alright, now, so we got to decide at this point, where do we want our nuts? Do I wanna put nuts in the cake and then make the cream. cheese icing without nuts? Or do both? You know, it's like my vanilla extract, you can't have too much nuts. So, now grandma always use pecans, but I have just gotten where. adore the flavor of walnuts. So that's what I'm stirring in. Okay, so I'm gonna wait and decide how I wanna. do the nuts stuff later. - [Eddie] But you're putting raisins and. - Oh, I forgot my raisins.. - I was like, hmm. - That's the only, thank you, Eddie. This is the only change I made. in my grandmother's recipe is I add raisins, and Theresa, I just told her the last second, so she didn't have any measured up. And I just put it till. I liked the looks of it. - [Eddie] I think that makes the cake. - Oh, I do too, to bite into those soft raisins. Oh my gracious. It's like an oatmeal cookie. An oatmeal cookie to me is not an oatmeal cookie without raisins. So I had a good bit y'all, I probably add a half a. cup of raisins or more. But that's the only. change I made in her cake. And if you wanna plump 'em up, you could always have. your raisings sitting in some warm or hot water,. and that'll plum 'em up. Whatever falls out, okay. That's it. That looks perfect. Alright, now y'all know how. I measure out my batter, 'cause I I really do like for my cakes to all be the same size. And I'm the same way about. when I'm making cookies. Your cookies do so much better. if they're all the same size, if you use like one scoop for all of 'em. You know, maybe like a. miniature butter scooper, something like that. It's just important though. that they're all the same size So that they'll cook in the. same time and be the same size. Alright, I'm gonna put this in. a 350 degree preheated oven, but I'm gonna start checking. it after like 25 or 30 minutes. I just don't think we need 40. So to me is not a more appropriate cake for Easter than a carrot cake, right? Right, Theresa, and everybody out there?. - Absolutely. - And you know, you could actually make this in cupcakes and. keep your icing smooth with no nuts, and make a little carrot, I mean a little picture of a bunny on top. So there's lots of things you can do. - [Theresa] This cakes turned out perfect. - Yes, they are perfect. Do you see now why I'm a fanatic about measuring my batter out just right? So in my bowl, y'all, I got one stick of softened butter and I've got two eight ounce packages of cream cheese that has softened. So I've still been debating, I told y'all I was going debate. about how I did my icing. So I think, a couple of. teaspoons of vanilla. So I think I'm just gonna. keep this without nuts and then sprinkle nuts on top, that way people, if they didn't want nuts, too bad, 'cause there's. nuts inside the cake too. But if they didn't want extra nuts they could kinda just scrap them off. So grandma's recipe actually just called for one eight ounce. package of cream cheese. But you know, I can't stand. to be short on my icing, I'd rather have too much than not enough. And then your layers are so skimpy with your icing, drives me crazy. (laughs) In fact, Olivia told me yesterday, we were playing and she said, gammy, you so crazy. (laughs) - Well she's got your number.. - Yes. I mean, I can get down with 'em and act like I'm three. and a half too also. - [Theresa] That's what. gammy's are supposed to do. - That what they're supposed to do. Get down and dirty and silly. Alright, so it calls for a one pound package of cream cheese, and this was a two pound bag and it looked like half. of it had been used. So I may have to grab a. little bit powdered sugar. Come on. (whisker whirring) Yeah, Olivia couldn't have. given me a better compliment than laughing and saying, gammy, you so crazy. (laughs) Okay, I'm going, why do they make these cords. like they do is beyond me. Alright, I'm gonna get a. little bit more powdered sugar 'cause a one pound bag. Of powdered sugar equals about three and a half. cups of powdered sugar. So I don't know if we had. quite three and a half cups, but it can easily stand some more because I got the two eight, well I got one pound of. cream cheese in there, and that's what I got. Now if I can just see the,. why don't we put these on? Oh my gosh, it always. makes such a difference when you can see. Look at that. (laughs) Alright, that is most assuredly now three and a half cups, maybe four. (whisker whirring) I think that's like perfect. Perfect. Hmm, so good. So very, very good. Alright, let's see, what do I need? I like to do my icing, for some reason I just can't use one of those offset. spatulas, messes me up. And I just do just like my mama did, she would use a spoon and a. knife, and I do the same thing. Now, if I were gonna put nuts. around the side of this cake, y'all, I would make sure. I had some wax paper so I could put the nuts on the side, and then just slide the. pieces of wax paper out. So it would keep my cake plate clean. But since I'm not gonna do it that way. It's just an extra step. I don't have to do. Yeah. Poor Michael's trying to diet, so I've got him strawberry. salad and carrots, and then the carrot cake. It's terrible, isn't it? I think, like I said, I don't like to skip on the inbetweens. Alright, so layer number two. Okay, so I'm just gonna slip just regular toothpicks in, and you got to push 'em down enough so that they will go into the next layer. Alright, I'm gonna have to move now to a taller toothpick. A regular toothpick won't. go through all the layers. - So that's like a skewer.. - Yes, this is a skewer. Okay. Hmm, too tall. Gonna make sure you don't. get any wood shavings. Perfect. Okay. Okey dokey. Now I put my frosting on top of my cake and then I go around and bring it down. I think she's done. Alright, and I always like to make sure that my plate is clean. And I have to say, it's spreads on your cake so much smoother if you don't have the nuts in your icing. Oops, the nut fell in the side. Don't want a nut in the side. - [Theresa] Hmm, there might. be a nut on the side too. - Hmm, I'll get him. My pleasure.. - I'd hate for you to miss that. Yes, oh, this is so pretty. See how Eastery that looks? Alright, do you think we should cut it now or do you think we should wait? - [Theresa] Since when. have you ever waited? Come on, come on. Wow. Wow. Wow. Now, normally I don't. cut my cakes in wedges. I feel like you can get more by cutting it down the center and then slicing it each piece Like that, and I can get a lot more pieces out of it. - Like how good that looks.. - Hmm. Wow. Grandma you a angel. Hmm, thank you for having my daddy for me. 'Cause I loved him, my mother, and my brother, so very much. And without you grandmother Hiers, it wouldn't have happened. So thank you. Loving best dishes and happy Easter.