- Hey everybody, I'm Paula Deen, and I hope you have. room in your recipe box 'cause today we're making cookies. I'll lay it on thick with. my loaded oatmeal cookies with brown butter icing. So get out your tans. and call your friends, cookies need a crowd. Well, is everybody ready to. make my loaded oatmeal cookies? This is so, so simple. Don't let all these. ingredients up here scare you because it's very, very simple and easy. We're gonna take flour, we're. gonna see how good I am. Cloves, cinnamon, all spice, ginger, the fourth tap, a half teaspoon of nutmeg, baking soda, baking. powder, and a little salt. That was very simple. Even though it looked. like a lot of ingredients. So we're just gonna sift those together with our all purpose flour. So that's all we're gonna do there. We're gonna move on over here and we're gonna start. creaming our shortening with our butter. Love me a little Crisco in with my butter. we just gonna cream those together. The next thing we're gonna. do is add our brown sugar. So, we're gonna creme our brown sugar into our butter and Crisco. (electric mixer vibrating) Now we're gonna add one egg. (electric mixer vibrating) Alright now we're gonna. just beat in our flour and the butter milk. Beat it for a minute and then we'll add in. the last of our flour. (electric mixer vibrating) All right, the buttermilk's. worked in there and here goes to the last. (electric mixer vibrating) We're gonna add about a. teaspoon of vanilla now. (electric mixer vibrating) All right, the rest of the ingredients, we're just gonna fold in by hand and that will be our oatmeal, our nuts, now I'm using a walnut and raisins, nice fat plump raisins. So we're just gonna fold this all up. We've got our batter ready. I'm gonna get our cookie sheets. And this time I'm gonna. use the parchment paper. And we're just gonna see how that works in comparison to the other that we used. I'm gonna give it a light spray. I'm always grabbing pam, aren't I? And then I'm gonna drop it by the teaspoon full on to the paper. Now, one thing about cookies,. the most important thing is, that you make them all the same size. All right, these are. ready to go into the oven. And then we're gonna be checking on them in about eight or nine minutes. Now, while those are getting ready, we're gonna make our brown butter icing. We're gonna take a stick of butter. Y'all act surprised, and. we're gonna melt that. And we're actually gonna cook it till it's kind of a light brown. Now you'll wanna be. very, very careful here because you know that butter will burn. All right, our butter is. starting to brown a little bit, you can see it foaming up. and you can see it starting to change colors on us. All right, now we're just. gonna add the powdered sugar and mix that up together. Put in our vanilla flavoring. All right, now we're gonna. start adding our water. You'll hear me say all the. time, you can always add to, but you can't take out. So we'll wanna do a little at. the time, kinda beat that up and you can see it's just. a nice light tan color. Let's check on the cookies. and see what they look like. They should be about ready. Oh, they look so good. All right, we're ready to drizzle. And if our consistency's. not right, we'll go back. So you thought an oatmeal. cookie couldn't get any better? Why don't we get them up off of that? You can see how nice that worked for us. Don't those look delicious. I'm gonna go for this one that has the most brown. butter icing on it. Whole new twist to the oatmeal cookie. (cool music)