(soft music) All right, let's move. on to an old fashioned sweet potato pie, I adore sweet potatoes. Into our two cups of sweet potatoes I'm gonna add a cup of sugar and two eggs and then we're just going to. beat this with a hand mixer until it's nice and mixed up. And these eggs are gonna. make those sweet potatoes like set up and they're. gonna be so delicious. All right, to our sweet. potatoes and sugar and eggs, I'm gonna add a teaspoon. of vanilla flavoring and a half a stick of melted butter. Put in a quarter of a. teaspoon of ground ginger, a quarter of a teaspoon of ground cinnamon and we're just gonna blend these together. And then we're going to. slowly add one cup of milk and for today's pie I'm gonna. cheat and go the easy way with a frozen pie crust. If you're having baked. sweet potatoes for dinner and you've got them left over, make sure you have a sweet. potato pie the next night. I like that so much. better than boiling them. When you boil them, the water kind of breaks. down the strength. So this is just straight. potatoes baked in the oven. Now we're just gonna pour. this in our pie crust. I have this on a sheet, just in case it makes. a mess and runs over, it'll all be caught on the sheet. It's really so good. So we're gonna put this. in the oven at 350. All right, so that'll be. ready in about 35 minutes. And there's nothing better.. - Hey Mom! - Hey, there's nothing better than a sweet potato pie.. - I'm hungry. You got two sons. - Sweet potato pie with meringue on it. - I didn't get any soup. - Well listen son, I didn't. know where you were and listen, nuh-uh, I tell you what your. brother sang for his supper. You sing for years now. No (laughs). - You want me to cook, not sing. - I've heard you sing, son. Finish making this meringue,. now just beat those. - Okay.. - Until they're soft peaks and slowly add the sugar and I'm gonna be cleaning up. - This doesn't look like potato soup with cheese and bacon on it. - And then you can have. some soup, how's that? I just wanna get this mess cleaned up. All right let's get your sugar in there, we want this to turn into meringue. I've cooked a couple of pies Jamie and I've got one in the oven and this one is cooled and ready, let me show you how. - Show me how. - Sometimes he got a treat it rough. Slap it around a little bit. - I'm familiar. - What is that supposed to mean? You better love me, you better love me. - [Jamie] So you want me to top this? - [Paula] Yeah. But this is so, so good. You know, lots of times I'll serve, I'll serve my pumpkin. pies with heavy cream, you know, sweetened whipped cream. But you know, this is a nice change. And the one thing you'll. want to make sure son, I'm sure you know this, but when you're meringuing your pies, you wanna really seal edges good because the syrup from the meringue will - Bubble over?. - Well yeah, it'll cause the meringue to pull away. - You want me to put. that in the oven for ya? - Yeah, we'll put this in. the oven and let it bake for oh 10 or 12 minutes,. something like that. Guys! I got y'all some pie ready. - Oh!. - Pie! - Oh!. - Pie. - Pie.. - Pie. - Pie.. - Pie. - Pie.. - Pie. - Pie, pie, pie.. - Pie, pie, pie! Where's mine? (Paula laughing) - I've raised a couple of nuts, y'all. All right, there's your piece of pie son. Here's your piece of pie.. - Mmm. And did y'all take, is it good? - Mmm, that's so wonderful. - Good! I wanna have some with you. And until next time y'all, the boys and I wish y'all. best dishes and love from our tater kitchen to yours.