- Good morning. You know, I always love. when I hear from y'all. Well, I got a note in the. mail from Peter Mahagian? Do you think that? M A- - [Teresa] It almost look like. Michigan but there's extras- - It does, it looks like Michigan except its M A H I G I A N. Sorry, Peter if I. mutilated your last name. But listen to this, he said, "Met you Paula, 14 years ago on a Paula Deen cruise." So after 14 years, I'm. stealing his memory bank. So, thank you Peter for that. So, he sent me a recipe and he said, "This is his nana's recipe. that comes over from Ireland." So, took him 14 years to get it to me, but I finally got it Peter. and thank you so much. And this is a very, very,. very, very simple dish. In fact, if it called for melted butter I wouldn't even have to pull. out my little hand mixer, but since it does not. call for melted butter, (silverware rustling) I'm gon' mix it up with. my little hand mixer. (knife scrapping noises) Y'all know I'm gonna get. all the good off this paper. (Paula laughs) Look at that almost two teaspoons. (Paula laughs) All right. So, we've got half a cup of butter. (mixer hitting glass noises) And I'm just gonna give that a few twirls. (mixer buzzing noises) Okay. And then we've got three. fourths of a cup of molasses. So that sounds like an Irish. recipe. Doesn't it, Teresa? - [Teresa] It does. - Calling for molasses. - [Teresa] And it's. actually a cup of molasses. - Oh, it was a cup? I thought. it looked like three quarters. Thank you, thank you.. Molasses is very, very strong. I think it's even stronger. than our cane syrup, (Teresa hums in agreement) You know? Okay. - [Teresa] It tastes so good. - Yes. I'm gonna add a half a cup of sugar and I'm gon' add one egg. (egg bangs on table) So, gon' mix this up. (mixer hitting bowl) Looks like motor oil. Doesn't it Terese? - [Teresa] Very good motor oil. - [Paula] Yes. (mixer twirls off) Okay, so I want to stop and go around my bowl. My little rubber spatula. - [Teresa] That smells so good. - Okay, so he just says. stir, stir everything in. So we've got two cups. of all purpose flour, half a teaspoon of cinnamon, one teaspoon of soda, half a teaspoon of ginger, and a fourth of a. teaspoon of ground cloves. (bowls hitting each other) Okie-dok. So I think, I don't know if. we can retire that yet or not 'cause right now it looks thick, but this is gonna be a real thin batter. (running water) And we have to add one cup of hot and he specified in. capital letters the, "HOT." (spatula bangs against bowl) (running water) So this is very similar to one. of our damps cakes, isn't it? - [Teresa] It is. (running water) - And this water gets. pretty hot in my sink. Teresa had a cup poured. up and it cooled off 'cause we'd been talking and talking. (both laughing) I know y'all find that hard to believe. All right, now Peter said to- - [Teresa] Oh-oh. (mixer whirls) - That kinda got out of hand for a minute. So Peter said to just stir. in you're very hot water. So Ima' mix this up and. then from here on out we just gonna stir it, maybe. (mixer rattling against bowl) It depends on how it looks y'all. (Teresa laughs) Okay. You know what? This. reminds me of ginger bread. - [Teresa] I was thinking the same thing. - [Paula] Smells like ginger bread. - [Teresa] But I guess. when you add the water, it's what makes cakey. - Yeah. And just the one egg. Okay. He doesn't say whether to stir it fast or slow or all at once or anything. So I'm gon' go a little slower. And he did not say y'all,. anything about an icing on this but he calls it a cake. (water splattering noise) I think I am gon' turn on my mixer. One more time. (mixer rumbling) Yeah, 'cause I wanna make sure it's all incorporated very, very well. And you can see the. batter is very, very thin. (mixer rattles against bowl) You know Teresa I almost think, maybe a cinnamon glaze on it? - [Teresa] Uhhh... - Maybe kind of like a cinnamon roll. - [Teresa] Yum, that sorta thing so. Well, you know, we always have a confectioner's sugar. - [Paula] I know. (Paula laughs) - [Teresa] On hand. - There's a few things. we don't run out of. - [Teresa] At all. - Butter, mayonnaise,. confectioner's sugar, white sugar and flour. (running water noises) - [Teresa] We usually have sour cream. - [Paula] Oh, always got sour cream too. (non-stick spray spraying) All right now Peter tells us to bake this in a glass. - [Teresa] Now he tells us. a nine by nine but you know- - Nine by nine, this is. an eight by eight, right? - [Teresa] And that's because we struggle with the fact that we haven't unpacked a nine by nine yet, so. - [Paula] It's in storage, our. nine by nine is in storage. All right so it'll take a. little bit longer probably, than what Peter has recommended cooking. - [Teresa] It's gon' be thicker? - The cooking time yeah,. it's gon' be fatter. Okay, so there we go. He tells us to bake this in a preheated 350 degree. oven for 35 to 40 minutes. So I'm gonna set our timer. on, maybe 45 minutes. (water running) Of course you know I'll. peak at it before then but I think that's maybe. what it'll take for ours. Okay, so see, y'all in 45. Our little cake is ready,. the recipe from Ireland. So, I did have to cook it a little longer, than was recommended. because our pan was smaller but that looks delicious - [Teresa] And it smells fabulous. - Smells so good. Do y'all smell it? (Paula laughs) No, you don't smell it. I know you can't, but I'm. not gon' try to cut it right now 'cause it's too hot. So we'll come back in a. minute after it's cooled and we'll taste it and. decide what whip cream, fresh whipped sweetened cream or a glaze or maybe even a frosting or maybe just naked like. the recipe was given to us. Your nana's- What'd she call it? Molasses cake. I keep wanting to call it, a gingerbread cake, is cooled off enough so, (knife hitting glass) Teresa and I, sorry about. you not being here Eddie but we'll save you a piece. So Teresa, ooh, gosh that cuts good. - [Teresa] Look how moist it is. - Uh-huh, it is, it's so moist. Wow. So let's talk about whether. we wanna icing for this. (Paula laughs in delight) Oh my gosh! (silverware rattles) Teresa. - [Teresa] That's always a good sign. - There's your fork girl, fork it. Mm mm mm! It is so moist. Look how moist. I don't know- (silverware scratching pan) - [Teresa] I think I'm just. about to dig in with my fingers. - I got a great big mouthful. - [Teresa] Oh my God. - I know! - [Teresa] Those were. great flavors together. - Uh-huh! - [Teresa] See, I think. you've put whipped cream on it and it would be fine, I don't- - That's what I think too. - (Teresa) I don't. think you'd would wanna- - Just a dollop of a. frozen whipped topping, but I would use a fresh. sweetened whipped cream on top. - [Teresa] Only 'cause anything else might take away from the- - That's what I'm thinking. - [Teresa] Flavors. - That's what I'm thinking - [Teresa] That is the bomb! - It is! - [Teresa] I'll be making that. and taking that to friends. - Mm mm mm! Peter, Peter, pumpkin eater. You made me a molasses eater. (Paula laughs) I'm a poet and don't know it y'all. (Paula laughs) Delicious Peter. I hope you have many fun. memories of your nana and thank you so much for choosing to share it. with me, darling, thank you. Love and best dishes.