- What goes good with a Thanksgiving meal to finish up the feast? Well, down here we showed. you love pecan pies and we sure do love chocolate. So that's what I'm gonna. share with y'all today. My chocolate pecan pie, and I had to go to my website to get it, 'cause I can't remember. which book it's in, so I've got it right here. And there was 66 reviews. on this pie, right Theresa? - [Theresa] Yes ma'am. - Every one of 'em was five star, everyone of 'em was five star. So if you like me, if you're a chocolate. girl or a pecan girl, try this pie 'cause it's wonderful. All right, now let's. talk about chopped pecans versus whole halves pecans. I have to be totally honest. in the fact that choppy pecans are, it's easier to cut your pie, but I think the halves look. so pretty, don't you Tori? - [Tori] That's a hard one. - Yeah, so I'm gonna. go with the whole half because I sure do want this to look pretty and let's see, it calls for one. nine inch unbaked pie crust, and you can make your. own crust, but you know, let's make it easy on ourselves 'cause we got so much other things to do. And two cups of pecan halves. Now is that two cups, Theresa? - [Theresa] Yes ma'am. - Or more? - [Theresa] No, it's right,. it should be two cups. - 'Cause it's full. It is slack-a-dap full. I love a nut. Especially pecans. They're so good. All right. So I'm gonna add my melted butter. Excuse me. I'm gonna add my melted butter. and my three beaten eggs. And beat that up a little bit more. And don't worry this is safe. for the children to eat, but I'm pouring in two tablespoons of a high quality, good Bourbon. And of course y'all know that. the alcohol cooks out of it. So it's safe. And one cup of sugar. It's gone be a fat pie. I do love a fat pie. Baked by the fat little cook. (chuckles) - [Eddie] You know, I. always find pecan pies intimidating to cook because-- - Do you? - [Eddie] Well, you keep looking at it when it's cooking and it's like, it's not ready, it's not ready. It's like, it's never. looking ready when it-- - This is the easiest. pie, Eddie, of all pies. - [Eddie] Yeah, yeah, yeah. - This is the easiest one. All right, I'm gone go ahead and add, let's see, a half a cup of dark corn syrup and you know, these are in your. grocery store and they are, they come in a white,. a clear, a clear syrup, which is what I use. making my Mama's Divinity and then the dark syrup for. making pies and other things. All right, the last thing I'm. going to put in here y'all is my chocolate chips, whoa. And that's about a third of a cup it calls for three ounces. So, like I said, I'm using third of a cup. It calls for a third of a cup. Three ounces, it calls for three ounces of chopped chocolate chips, but we're using the miniature. so we don't have to chop. All right, so here we go. So, so easy. Mh-hm. (chuckles) told y'all it's gone be a fat pie, fatty, fatty, to by four. (chuckles) Can't get through the. oven door. (chuckles) All right, I'm just. kinda moving that around. So, all the liquid gets down in there and I'm gone try, easy, you see, I almost always buy a. nine inch deep pie crust. (indistinct) Yeah, usually that's what I do. - [Theresa] Just safer? - Just to be safe, but oh. (water running) Like I said, this is just a fat pie. I don't know what else to say about it. Fat girl's gone put her fat. pie in her fat little oven. Now I'm gone bake this y'all at 375. We've got the oven preheated at that. We're gonna cook it at 375 for 10 minutes. Then we're gone turn the oven down to 350 and we're gonna continue to cook it for maybe 20, 25 minutes. So, you know, you just wanna make sure. you give your pie time to set, that's S-E-T, not S-I-T. So you want it to set and. you'll be able to tell, you can jiggle your pan and you will know. So 375, 10 minutes, then lower the oven. You know, when I was. filling up that pie crust, I said, oh my goodness,. it's gone be a fat pie. And remember it came all. the way up to the top. Well look, it covered up our crust, except for this small piece right here. I have found out that Bobby's oven in his guest house where. I'm living right now is not level. (chuckles) It kind of poured to that side. So it went into the. crust, but this is so hot. I'm not gonna even try to. cut it, but look at that. See that Eddie? Like it's perfectly set. - [Eddie] And it smells wonderful. - The smell is wonderful. So after it cools and I can cut it, we've got a hard decision to make. - [Eddie] I'm definitely gonna eat it. (both laugh) - Are we gone eat it. with fresh whipped cream or vanilla bean ice cream. Decisions, decisions, Eddie. What are we gonna do? Oh, right now, I'm eating it with my nose. - [Eddie] Let's not tell. Michael about this one. - We gone hide this from Michael. We gone let him think all. we got around here is-- - Brussels sprouts.. - Brussels sprouts. (laughs) Fat boy ain't gone know about this pie. This'll make your Thanksgiving, y'all Think I'll make chocolate. and at the bottom. Yum. Oh, and don't forget when you cut this, if you have used a frozen pack rust, remember Emma had to slice. the first piece over here. So don't forget. Let me see. Don't forget when you cut your first piece to cut through that tin foil. So you can just lay it down and pull that first piece out perfectly. If this is the size piece we. want, which looks perfect. So see, I'm gone cut it. down a little bit more. So see we just gone take our tin foil and pull it all the way down. so we can just stick our spatula up in there or a pie server and just pull that first piece out. Just perfect. Love and best dishes, y'all. (chuckles)