- Well, ho, ho, ho, y'all. It's Christmas time. I'm Jamie. Deen here in Mama's Kitchen. You know I'm gonna share easy, simple, delicious recipes with you. And today we're getting. into the holiday spirit. This is a cinnamon scented pound cake. We love pound cakes around here. My grandmother Paula made the. best pound cake I've ever had. My mom makes it, makes it,. I sit over here one day and ate all the crust off the top. Not when I was five, when I was 55. This happened a couple. months ago, Mama was mad. So today we're gonna. make our own pound cake and I can eat the entire top if I want to. Let's get going. We're using. a little bitty baking pan. Yeah, I'm gonna spray with some non-stick (spraying) and then we're gonna line it with a piece of parchment paper too. We really don't want this to get stuck. (spraying) I'm not gonna force that. down. We'll get to it. The first thing I'm gonna do in this bowl is I'm gonna cream our. butter along with our sugar. So today we have a brown. sugar and a granulated sugar and I'm gonna give it a really good mix. Eventually. Hey! You know sometimes I just. don't know which button to push and sometimes Teresa doesn't. plug the appliances in. (laughter) - [Teresa] And I didn't. (laughter) - This is a great start to the show today. Kind of like Christmas, you never know what's going to happen. But it all works out in the end. Boy, I'm glad I didn't have. that too close to my face. All right, so I'm gonna cream our butter with our brown sugar. (buzzing) This is one of those recipes. where you're gonna need two bowls 'cause we're. doing dry into the wet and you know, it's a whole system. You gotta make sure that you start with dry and end with dry. First bowl though, butters and sugar. Okay, I've got this beaten up. So what I'm gonna try to do is add one little egg at a time to this. (buzzing) Let's see. This recipe takes a few. minutes to put together but it's only 45 minutes in the oven. So, you know, baking. is not really my thing but when it's holiday. season, I think it's our responsibility to kind. of make baking our thing. Everybody's looking for. something sweet at Christmas time and a cinnamon pound cake,. boy that really fits the bill. So we got our eggs beating in here We wanna make sure this. is light and fluffy, but I don't want to overmix it. And now we're going into our other bowl and what we have here y'all is we've got our flour, we've got some baking powder, some salt, and then this is our. little scent of cinnamon. Mix this up. I'm gonna be covered with flour. Okay, I think now actually. we need a third bowl. Let me see if I can grab. one right here real quick. What they'd like for us to. do now is we're gonna combine our three things together. Here, here and here. So we're gonna combine,. you start with the dry, you're gonna add a little bit of flour, and then we're gonna add a. little bit of our mixture here, (buzzing) then add the wet. And then we go milk. (buzzing) A little bit here. Little bit here. We just wanna make sure and get all this incorporated correctly. And so what I'm gonna do here y'all is I'm gonna alternate adding these two wet ingredients to our dry bowl here. I started with dry and. you just wanna make sure that the last ingredient that we drop in here is gonna be dry as well. It'll take me one second. and we'll be baking. All right y'all looky there. Now we're gonna go onto our parchment into our pan right here. I just blindly grabbed. a tool from behind me and I did not get the best scraper tool but it is a nice tool. - [Teresa] There's one in that. drawer right in front of you. If you would like to - [Jamie] Let's make sure. I get this evened out, press it down. I want a rubber spatula for this bowl. Make sure I get every bit of it 'cause mama's not here. but mama's always here. And if she walked in there and saw me not putting this in there, I wouldn't get to eat any pound cake. Mama's traveling this. week, she's always so busy and I miss mom, but I. really enjoy coming in here and sharing recipes with y'all. I asked that you check. out my Instagram account, see if there was any food on there that you wanted me to cook, and I've had some people jump on and followed 'em for checking. it out this week so, if you see something on the Instagram and you want me to cook. it, we're always looking, well Theresa's always. looking for recipe ideas. And I'm always happy to cook. Look, this looks, eh, I'd give it a eight out of 10 but it's gonna be delicious. Y'all stick around we're. gonna go 45 minutes into the oven and our barely there cinnamon pound cake will be ready. See you in a bit. Hey y'all we got our cinnamon. pound cake out of the oven. I don't know how it tastes, but it looks beautiful. Isn't that so pretty? Now you could tell that this is homemade. And look at the crust on here, ooh. That's what I ate, Mama got so mad at me. See if I move this over. Wow, that turned out perfect. So now you can go out to the yard and get you some green clippings. If you got a holly tree at your house you could put some holly around this. You could put a couple. Christmas ornaments around it. It is really a beautiful cake. It only took a little bit. of mixing and 40 minutes. Let it cool at your house but, I'm paid to eat around here,. so I'm gonna give it a try. Probably gonna be too hot and crumbly. - [Teresa] We have no patience. when it comes to tasting. - Well, we've got a job to do and this is not gonna be too hot. Look how moist and pretty. Boy, this turned out good. Now, if you wanted to,. you could reach in here and get you a little piece of piece of butter and put it on. your pound cake, that's good. Hmm hmm. This pound cake is not as good as my Granny Paula's pound cake. But it's as good as any. pound cake you can buy. I recommend that y'all. immediately put this on your Christmas list this year. Y'all put together this. cinnamon pound cake. It is delicious. I'm Jamie Deen This is good food. We'll see y'all around the kitchen.