- Hey, y'all, I'm Jamie Deen. I'm back in Mama's kitchen and. I'm here to share, you know, delicious, simple. recipes with y'all today. We're working out of The. Deen Brother's Cookbook. We've lost the cover. This is mom's copy. My brother and I wrote this cookbook after we did our first. television show together, and we're gonna do the. chocolate chip pie today. This is inspired from Royers Cafe, which was in Round Top, Texas. They did a delicious pie there and so what my brother and. I did, through our travels, we put all the recipes. inspired by our trip and our television show, and we put them in this book. About three pages behind the. chocolate chip pie recipe is the Texas Margarita, best margarita you've. ever had in your life. That comes from Austin as well. My man Skeeter, at the county line. Okay, chocolate chip pie. First thing we're gonna do y'all, we've got all of our. ingredients here together. Teresa got all of our. ingredients here together. I've got two greased, nine inch pie pans. I've got our flour because we'll give you. all the measurements and everything you're gonna need but the first thing we're. gonna start with is our flour and Teresa took the tops. off of these, but I know that this is baking soda (dog barking) and then this is some salt and this is a little bit of baking powder. Mama's dogs are barking. (dogs barking) I'm gonna sift this together. I'm hurrying, Lulu. - [Teresa] She wants me to say hello. (Teresa laughing) - Now I don't have my traditional sifter, so I'm just gonna mix all. of this stuff here together. So, I've kind of stirred,. sifted, our four dry ingredients: baking soda, baking. powder, salt and flour. Now, this is one part. Now, what I love about this pie is that it's a little bit. of work on the front end, but the filling is really easy. Y'all are gonna really enjoy this recipe. Now, I'm gonna cream up my butter. I got two sticks of butter that T-Bone has pulled out. for me and it's softened. I'm gonna get this in the bowl and then we're gonna cream. this with granulated sugar and powdered sugar. I'm gonna whip this up. (mixer churning) The butter's nice and soft. It really is worth the effort. just to soften up your butter a little bit, especially. if you start creaming it. Add a little bit of our sugar here. I'm not gonna dump. everything here at one time. I don't want it grainy or lumpy. I want it really smooth and creamy 'cause this is the bottom of our pie. So, basically we're baking here and baking was always. my brother's specialty because for me I'm more pinch and dash and baking, you have to be. exact in your measurements. I'm gonna go half with brown sugar and half with granulated sugar,. we're gonna cream this up. Hopefully our edit guy has. made this more interesting than I have and we will zoom through this. Okay, y'all I've got this cream together. So, now I'm going to add. my eggs one at a time. 'Cause you don't ever know, you might get a little. spot in one of your eggs, so you don't want to add your eggs. And what I like to do is, I crack them into a bowl, just to make sure that there's nothing in. my eggs before I add it. 'Cause sometimes you can get. a little spot in your egg and I don't know, I just like to, like to keep everything in its place. And we're gonna do one of these at a time and you see it's starting to take a little bit more of a. batter attitude with us. Go in our second egg. Also, cracking these over here gives me a chance to get shell out. I'm a notorious one hand cracker and my boys have known that sometimes there's a little crunchy in their eggs. Now our final egg. (mixer churning) To this, I'm gonna add our next to last ingredient, one tablespoon of vanilla. All right. Got our spatula here,. I'm gonna clean my edge. Now the very last process, last step here, I'm gonna fold in three cups of chocolate chips, woo. Royers is famous for. their pies that they do and one of the reasons is because they just absolutely load up. their crust with chocolate and when all this bakes in. together, great time of day. Let's see, what am I missing here? I have to sift in my flour now. Think of what I was about to do. I was about to make two. giant chocolate chip cookies. So, now into this, I. have to beat this flour. Now, I'm gonna do this. a little bit at a time because I really do not. want this to clump up. So a little, little, little, little, and y'all can watch this for a minute, and then we'll probly be back 'cause this is gonna. take me a few minutes. A little at a time. Y'all know, I don't know. I don't know everything. I leave that up to my Mama. So, I should have beat all the flour in, separately to my batter, and then fold in my chocolate. chips, per the instructions. My brother must have written that part. Although I put the chips in first, you can see we beat in our. flour a little bit at a time. We have a delicious batter here. Now, it's going into these two pie pans. So, here's kind of a trick. If you wanna get all your stuff together in one space. I got two pans, so I'm gonna go 50, 50. Start right down the center. I get my other half. And don't forget y'all, this is, both of these have been greased. You can use anything that you'd like and then we're gonna spread this down. We're baking our pie crust. - [Teresa] Yum. - Yum. So I'm gonna press it. down, get the edges up. This would be my wife's favorite. Now if you asked her, she. would say, okay that's done, hand it to me. She loves her cookie dough. - [Teresa] Me too. - Everybody loves cookie dough, except for me, I don't. - [Teresa] Your mom really. doesn't eat, I mean she- - Yeah, sweets really is not our thing. You can tell by looking at us, we're more of a savory family. My brother is the same. Okay, that looks pretty good. Oh, I've got one more. little block right here. Now, I've got to wash my hands but, before I break away. here, I'm going to tell y'all, this is going into oven. for about 30 minutes at 350. And when we're waiting on that, when y'all come back, I'll clean up, we're gonna get our topping ready, okay? See you in a minute. Mike over there, he don't eat nothing. He's an awesome guy. He don't eat nothing. He's worse than my five year old. I don't have a five year old. If I had a five year old,. Mike, you'd be worse than him. - [Mike] I know it. - He never eats what I cook. Look, woo, chocolate chip pies, Mike. - [Mike] I can do that. - [Jamie] You like that? - [Mike] I can do that. - Let's go. All right, I'm gonna make. the whip topping for y'all. I'm gonna put in 4 cups. of heavy whipping cream and the only reason why. I'm putting in 4 cups is because I couldn't fit 5 and the top of this daggum. thing is malfunctioning and I'm just gonna fight through it. So, 4 cups of cream and Teresa's put this bowl. into the freezer for me. If you make your own. homemade whipping cream that's a good trick, 'cause you want, this cream has to set up and. a cold bowl helps with that. So, you can buy any dessert you. want from the grocery store, not even a good one, a bad grocery store, put fresh homemade whipped topping on it and it will be delicious. We've got my whipping. cream, got our cold bowl. Now I've got half a cup. of confectioner's sugar I'm gonna add pretty slowly into here. If I can get it to go slow. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. There we go. Now, this takes a minute on high speed, so y'all bear with me. (mixer churning) Take it from me, once. you get these soft peaks, that's it, stop, because it will break down. It happened to me at the restaurant. You do not want to over beat your cream. So, once you get to these. soft peaks, that's it. Now, look how beautiful this is. Now, into this, I'm gonna fold... If can find me a rubber spatula, oh look, number one. I'm gonna fold this into here, but I'm gonna save some, 'cause this is gonna be. a pretty decoration, too. I'm gonna fold a little bit. of my whipped cream in here. Mm. My chocolate chips. Now, look at this. This is gonna go straight. onto this giant chocolate chip that we baked earlier. Wow. Mm mm mm mm. What do you think, T? - [Teresa] Oh my God. - [Jamie] Yeah - [Teresa] That's just a- - [Jamie] Teresa's just beside herself. She's already eaten the. beaters and the bowl (Teresa laughing) and now we're fixing to get the main dish. - [Teresa] I love sweets. - [Jamie] And our second pie. See, now I'm only going. to cut one of these, 'cause one of them is. fixing to grow wheels and it's coming to my house. My wife is gonna love this. Honey, look what I made. especially for you today. - [Teresa] Mm-Hmm. - Now, you can dress. this up any way you want. I mean, chocolate chips and whipped cream. You could put some, you could garnish with cherries. You could garnish with. a little bit of mint. You could put some blueberries on here. So many different ways you could go. But for our chocolate chip. pie, I'm just gonna save. Go right over the top with these. How nice that looks. Mama, which pan do you. want me to take home, the metal one or the glass one? - [Paula] The glass one. - [Jamie] Okay, so we're. gonna cut the metal one. - [Paula] Oh, mm mm mm. - [Jamie] Mom's in the corner tasting everything we've. been cooking this morning. It sounds like positive reviews. - [Paula] They are. - [Jamie] mm hmm. (Teresa gasps) - [Teresa] I almost had. to gasp on that one. - [Jamie] Did you hear Teresa, y'all? Did you hear Teresa? Look at that. Look at this chocolate chip. - [Teresa] Turn it down. just a little bit Jamie, you're tall. - [Jamie] Mm. Mm mm. Oh, I gotta take a picture of it. I was just about to eat it. Y'all tune in next week and you can see me, if I had any success in eating two whole. chocolate chip cookie pies. I'm drooling everywhere. I'm Jamie Deen. This is good pie. I'll see y'all around the kitchen.