- Hi y'all, I decided to. do y'all a favor today. I've shot so many videos without hair, without makeup and looking. like the wicked witch. So I decided to dress up for y'all today. So I wouldn't hurt their eyes Teresa I didn't want to hurt anybody's eyes. Actually I'm telling a big fat story with some jewelry TV this morning, so. - [Teresa] So you had to get dressed. - I had to have hair and makeup today. - [Teresa] Well you look pretty well. - Well, thank you. Emily does an incredible job. In fact, Michael says. she's not a beautician. She is a magician. (laughing) She can wait for one. and change me totally. All right. So, you know, it's almost Christmas. Every Christmas I make what. I named Jamie's coconut cake. And I think it's a very first recipe in The Lady And Sons Dessert Books. What is the name of that book? The Lady And Sons Just Desserts. Yeah, I was gonna say, no way. (laughing) Bobby's favorite cake was caramel and Jamie's favorite cake was coconut and I'm in between there y'all. I would never throw a. caramel cake out the door and I'd never throw a. coconut cake out the door, but I think coconut is. winning just a little bit. Alright, so sweet Teresa went. ahead and baked off our cakes because I know that's. probably pretty boring for y'all to sit through and watch because I'm sure most of y'all. have actually baked a cake. And I think this is in The Lady And Sons, Savannah Country cookbook.. - It is.. - I think. Because I pulled out a few. of my really favorite sweets and put them in just desserts - I've never made this cake this way. - You've never made this cake, okay. - I would tell them what's all in it. - There is so many ways. to make a coconut cake. There is some really. simple, simple, simple easy ways to make coconut cake. like using a box cake mix, putting some coconut flavoring or using unsweetened coconut milk in place of the milk. that you put in the cake and doing a heavy cream frosting, top it with coconut and you're there. So but I'm doing the one. that is the most trouble but if you'll go to my. website, you can see others. Or if you have my cookbook,. you can probably find others. So I'm just gonna walk. you through this cake. You're gonna need, Oh, I'm. doing the S on the frosting. Let me get to the cake 'cause I've got the frosting, I've got the filling and then I've got the recipe for the cake. All right. So I make for my coconut cake what they call a one,. two, three, four cake. And how it got its name. way back in the day was it's one cup of sour cream. Wait, wait, wait, wait. - No, it's one cup of. - Here it is. All right it's one cup of milk, two cups of sugar, three cups of sifted. self-rising flour and four eggs. So that's one, two, three, four. - [Teresa] And that. wasn't a one cup of milk, it's one cup of butter. - Well, it says one cup of milk unless it's been printed up wrong. - [Teresa] It may Okay,. one, two, three, four. It's actually one cup of butter, two cups-- - This has two sticks of. room temperature butter. - [Teresa] Mmmh. - Two cups of granulated sugar. Come on in, you look all right. - No. - Four eggs, three cups. of self-rising flour, one cup of milk and one. teaspoon of vanilla extract. - And you know why the one cup milk? I forgot about the one cup milk is because I use sweetened condensed. I mean, I used no, I used the coconut what you told me to do the-- - Coconut milk. - [Teresa] So I'm not. thinking milk, milk, sorry. - Okay. Okay. And that is all right,. because sometimes I don't know if you took this directly. out of The Just Desserts Book but sometimes in translation. they can get messed up but okay. Seven minute icing I'm. gonna put that down. All right. So I tell you to, for the directions, for the one, two three, four cake, substitute coconut milk. in place of regular milk, it will give your cake just. a more of a coconut flavor. And while this cake is baking, we're gonna prepare our filling. But I'm gonna walk you through. putting this cake together. So it, you need three prepared. pans to put this thing in and you want to cream your. butter, which is two sticks. You wanna cream that till it's fluffy and then you add two cups of sugar and continue to cream well. for six to eight minutes and then you add your eggs one at the time and you wanna beat them. well after each egg. So now we're down to our three cups of sifted self-rising flour. Now there's many flours out there, but in the baking world, Ellie the cauliflower cake flour, plain flour, or self-rising flour. The plain flour, the cake. flour speaks for itself. The plain flour has nothing in it. No salt, no nothing to make it rise, Your rising though, has all the stuff in there. to make your cake rise. Now, if all you have is plain flour, you can put, for three cups, you can put a teaspoon of salt in it, and maybe three teaspoons. full of baking powder, not soda, but baking powder. So you can turn plain. flour into self-rising. But you can't turn self-rising into plain 'cause remember you can always add to, but you can't take away. So when I was formulating. this recipe, I thought, well I'm just gonna go ahead. and use self-rising flour and that'll eliminate the. salt and the baking powder, baking soda, whatever. So one more time, two sticks. of room temperature butter, two cups of granulated sugar, four eggs, three cups of sifted self-rising flour, one cup of coconut milk. And if you can't find coconut milk, it comes in a Canyon right Teresa? Didn't you find it in a Canyon? - Yes. - And a teaspoon of vanilla extract. And usually I will use. vanilla teaspoon of vanilla and maybe a teaspoon of coconut extract. So that gives it a little bit more flavor, and we're gonna bake. these for 25 to 30 minutes or until done. And you're gonna want. to cool them in the pan five to 10 minutes. And then I like to invert my cakes onto a piece of wax paper on my rack. All right, so. We're gonna add our eggs one at the time. I think that's where I left off beating well after each addition, and then we gonna start adding our flour along with our milk. And you wanna always start. with flour and end with flour. And I don't know the reason, but somehow adding that flour first and last it just makes far much creamier batter. But like I said, I'm no scientist. So I don't know why, but I. have found that to be the case. So you'll want to maybe do. it in four to five steps, your flour and then maybe a. fourth a cup of your milk. So anyway, you just have to work it out. So that, that flour is a first. of those two ingredients. And the last of those two ingredients. And I like to use in my cake pans, I like to use the spray that's for bacon, because it's got your grease and your flour all in one can. And I never have a problem. when I use that kind. All right, so we got our cakes. ready and they've cooled. So what I'm gonna do next? I didn't know if I had a, I. usually use a wooden spoon but, we're in the process. of reconstruction here. So I don't have a lot to work with but I think that makes a. little too big of a hole. I don't know we'll see. - [Eddie] There's some. dowels on that, cabinet. - Oh it is. Okay. So I was using my beater which is working out pretty good. There's some dowels, where? - [Eddie] On the left hand, right there. - Oooh!. - Is that too big? - No, it's a little smaller Eddie almost. It's almost the same size, but like I said I'll use the grabber, but that made a right. good size hole, let's see. And I just go around and stick holes all in the top because we're gonna put a filling in this cake and we want it. to seep down in to this cake, making it even more moist. All right, so we'll go. ahead and do this one. I don't like to get it. pretty close to the edge. 'Cause sometimes the. edges can be a little dry. It tastes pretty good Teresa. - Yay.. - I'm having to clean off my spoon so I can keep. making holes (laughing) It's good y'all. Way to go Teresa.. - Yay! All right, now I'm gonna come. over here and just make a few big ones so it'll act like your others do. Mmh, real good. Really, really good. All right. So I'm gonna mix up a filling that I just love to put in the center of this cake, just because it's so good. And you know, I don't measure these, but I had to try to measure it so I could share it with y'all. So you may want to adapt this to the way you. want it, but all right. Let's, imma put back on those glacess My eyes are getting more certain more so where did I put them? Here they are (laughing) It's hard to keep up with them when you don't have them on, all right I'm, got three fourths a cup of sugar, I've got one eight ounce. package, a carton of sour cream and you don't wanna use low. fat or anything like that. We're making a coconut. cake, so let's go whole hog or go home and I'm going whole hog. And we've got half a. cup of flaked coconut, which to me, is really not enough. Teresa has me some, you with me Eddie? Theresa has me some extra. coconut so I can fix that. And like I said, I just. mix this stuff up together and stick my finger in there and see if it's sweet enough to suit me. All right. So this is kind of stiff. This filling is kind of stiff. So I found that if I wanted. this to soak into my cake that I was gonna need to. add some liquid to it. So I just thin it with some milk and let's see down said how much milk? Four tablespoons of milk. Just get it to the. consistency that you want. I may need to add some more milk. Just depends on how I'm feeling. I'm definitely gonna add some coconut. Because this is the only coconut let's see I'll put it in here so y'all can kind of see what I'm doing. This is the only coconut. it's gonna be actually inside your cake. Naturally, we'll have. it on the top off it. All right that's pretty good. But you know what? I still want it maybe a bit thinner. So I'm gonna just grab the milk. Okay. Y'all I went and. got a little bit more milk because I just don't think. that's thin enough enough to run through the holes. that I've made on the cakes. So I'm adding a little bit more and depending on how much filling you want you could easy double this recipe, and it's guesswork to do. this and we'll see if it's I think it's sweet enough,. but is it thin enough? All right, now we started. with four tablespoons of milk. So you may wind up with. somewhere around seven or eight tablespoons, but just use your judgment as. to where you want it to be. Alrighty I'm gonna take my first layer and you want to have to be careful how you put your cake together because sometimes all your. layers are not the same size. and sometimes they kind of lopsided. - [Teresa] I did good,. they're not lopsided. (laughing) - You know what? You did good Teresa - [Teresa] I realized that. my oven is not leveled. - Absolutely, if you. don't do a lot of baking, there is a good chance. All right. So I'm gonna kind of. want to keep this as even as I can for each layer. So I'm gonna put it down with my measuring cup and this. is, yeah, it's a half a cup. Now, I wanna make sure I. spread this out real even. All right, we'll come back in a bit more because I want this. That looks really good. So we're putting a filling. All right I want to see if I. should use a little bit more. Maybe just a little bit, but not much. Okay. So let's take this layer first. So you can see that this layer is higher than this layer. So we want to put the thinnest part - Look at how even that is now. - on the thickest part of the cake. Anyway, so that levels it up, it's important where your shapes. And do we have any toothpicks kiddos here? In this house? - [Eddie] Yeah, should be. - [Paula] Should be up here somewhere? - [Eddie] In the right corner. - Oh, Hey you're so smart. So, I put toothpicks in it at this point. So my cake won't slide everywhere. So here we go, I'm gonna. start with the same amount. Then I did put a bottom layer and you can see it's running out now. Yay. Okay. So we're gonna. spread that out real good. And it's just gonna. seep down in those holes and I love it when a. good plan comes together. Yes. All right. Now here's what I'm gonna have to do. I'm gonna have to try to measure out what I have left because if I have enough I wanna be able to put. some more on this layer. So I'm gonna do this. Oh my gosh. I really don't have a lot. extra to put on this layer so, I'm gonna get every drop I can though on this. So you see why I kept. adding more milk to it? I'm sure y'all see the reasoning for that. All right, now. Oh, no Theresa told me. that she had (laughing) had a little accident. coming out of the oven. Out of the pan, but look Theresa. That's all right. 'Cause you know what? I'm just gonna glue that. right back together. Look at that, Brand new. Oh, I see that little crack. Did you about dukey in your pants Teresa? - [Teresa] Yeah, say what's you say. - All right now, where is our lowest side? This point. I'm not sure it goes to this cake but I can fix all this. with our seven minute icing that's gonna go on it so, no problem. You just stay glued up there. Okay. So coming here with toothpicks so that little sucker. won't go anywhere on us. It's amazing What that sweetened sour cream does to this cake y'all. 'cause it's kind of tart. I mean, I'm trying to get. blood from a turnip right now. I'm trying to get every. bit of that liquid gold. I mean that icing, see why. I wanted to kind of measure. So I'd have a good idea that I didn't get to the top layer and hardly. have anything for yet. So perfect, we did a good job kids. All right. Yeah. Teresa, it doesn't matter. You know, that layer Got heavier size than others. It doesn't matter because. our seven minute icing is gonna be so fluffy and so thick. So I can always put more icing on this side and less on. that side where it's high. So it is nothing to worry about. So, but here's the deal. on this cake y'all, which is the hardest part for me. I tell you to stick. this in the refrigerator for three days, three days and three nights because we want to give that frosting or filling time to seep. all through that cake. And that's what makes. this cake so delicious it said it is drank up. that wonderful filling. So I guess that we're gonna pretend like it's been three days, if y'all won't tell, I won't tell. So, Oh my goodness, it's been three days. I'm so ready to put the seven. minute icing on this cake. So I just want to take a minute and clear off right here,. because believe it or not I actually have burners under this riser. So we're gonna stop. filming just long enough for me to clean this up and then imma share with you the making of seven minute. icing, which is so divine. So divine. Just that quick y'all we. got this all cleaned off and fixed to make that seven minute icing. So let's start off by saying we're gonna pretend like it's. pouring down rain outside. You can not make this. icing when it's raining. If there's too many, too. much humidity in the air it will not get hard. So put it away until a sunny day. But we're lacking today 'cause we've got a bright sunny day. So here are the measurements. I've got my boiling water,. boiling at a pretty rapid pace. And I'm using a glass bowl. and you wanna make sure that that water does not. touch the bottom of your bowl because it will make your. seven minute icing grainy and you don't want that to happen. But so in this bowl, we're. gonna add one and a half cups of sugar and let's see how much. cream of tartar did it say? A fourth of a teaspoon of cream of tartar. Okay. Normally I use,. just the white karo syrup. Okay. So there's a fourth of. a teaspoon of cream of tartar and we need one and a half. teaspoons of vanilla flavoring. So I'm gonna put one tablespoon (laughing) because I love the flavor of. vanilla extract in this icing. All right. Our coconut, we're gonna save. (mixer whirring) whoa! This is fast mixer. So we're putting our two egg whites, a third of a cup of water and we gonna beat this for one minute. And I'm putting like a dash of salt. So that's it. That is it for right now. I'm gonna turn this up and we need to beat this for one minute. So Theresa, if you can. give me one minute, please. - [Teresa] One minute on the timer. (mixer whirring) - Oh, Teresa hadn't said it,. but I think it's been a minute 'cause I had already started beating it before she said anything, so (mixer whirring) - Now you have seven minutes.. - Seven minutes. So be careful with your cord, I told you about my cousin's wife. I asked her to do this part, I look over there and. my cord was in flames which she just let it drape in the fire so we got her butt out of. the kitchen pretty quick. And put her back on the computer. (mixer whirring) seven minutes exactly, Teresa. Okay it's been seven minutes y'all. And I've took a bowl off the boiling water. and you see how I did. I really didn't have a double bowl so you can always make. your double bowling using (mixer whirring). a bowl and I call them bowlers. Now so we've taken that off the heat and we're gonna beat it. until it's spreading. Consistency is the way I want it. (mixer whirring) (background noise drowns out speaker) but my mother made the best, in the whole entire world. it was so beautiful. It was glossy, white and glossy and full. of nuts, it was wonderful. All right, now I'm gonna. put our spatula down in here and see if I think that's. the right consistency. You know what? It might could take a little bit more. So I just want to be sure that it doesn't fall off of our cake (mixer whirring) I wonder what would happen. if I put some butter in this? I bet it'd be delicious. Now I hope that I can find a butter knife. Now like to use just a spoon and a regular knife. Bakers normally use one of those offset. You know where it goes. I don't like that. I can't, I just can't operate it. So now, Oh my gosh. Y'all I assume is slap could have perfect. Look at that. Don't that look like a heavenly cloud and an angel should come out off it. Yes. All right. So now this. is the way I frost mine. I put my icing up on the edge and then I start kind. of just pulling it down. I know one time I was (laughing). on Martha Stewart show and I know I've told this story too, and you know I think she. was kind of leery of me as far as what would come out of my mouth. You were with me choice. And I said, "Martha, can. I ask you a question?" And she very hesitantly said, "Yeah." I said, "Where do you start when you're icing your cakes?" (laughing) I know she was so relieved. to hear that question (laughing) because I know it probably scared her that I was gonna go somewhere. she didn't wanna go. But I would never have done that. Never, never, never. But yeah, that when I put. it on the edge like that it just gives me a place. to see it, my extra icing. Oh, this cake is gonna be so good. - [Teresa] We are cutting into it right? - Of course we cuttin into it honey. - [Teresa] Just making. sure you're not gonna try to save that for somebody. - Oh no, no. This seven minute icing doesn't really hold for a whole bunch a long time. So anyway, anytime I make a coconut cake there's really none left over, 'cause I'm feeding 35 to 40 people. So I never have to worry about. that icing sitting around and turning back to sugar. - [Eddie] There's no 35. to 45 people here today. Teresa, what are we doing?. - I know. I was just thinking about. how there's only a few of us. - I don't know. - [Teresa] That means lots of cake. - I'll pull my part of the. load if y'all will pull y'all's part of the load. - [Teresa] Oh, I never have. a problem pulling my load of a cake. I don't think Eddie does either. - I don't think he does either. As long as it's one that he likes. Like I said, the hardest. part about this cake y'all is putting it in the. refrigerator for three days. That's by far, the hardest. Look at that, see, when. I put it down on the edge it just kind of drapes down and I'm gonna have some cleaning up to do because I'm gonna be putting. coconut all over this this is as pretty a. icing, as I've ever made. Not grainy, 'cause sometimes when I make it, I'm relying on not just. looking at the clock or a little timer and I don't know that that's. always the best way to do this. I think Teresa put her phone on a timer and I think that's probably. the most reliable way. I bet y'all. See, if you made this cake and tried to put this icing. in between each layers, I mean, it would be fabulous. It would be fabulous, but I think you'd have to up the recipe, to have enough. So this way you're icing. this real thick on top And then you got your. filling in the center making it nice and moist. All right. Where is it lopsided? Where is it lopsided? I can still fix it Eddie. - [Eddie] It looks pretty. - [Teresa] I could say,. I don't see any lops. - Okay, good. Mh mh! All I need is some pink canyons. - [Teresa] I was gonna say. - And I'd have myself a piece of divinity. - [Eddie] Get some some walnuts. - Mh mh! Hey y'all I missed a. step and I'm so sorry. I'm gonna have to wipe this. spoon off neck of this fork 'Cause I put it in my mouth. But I've stepped back and I could see where it. didn't come all the way to the cake plate. And I like it all the way to. the bottom of that cake plate. Okay. I think that's got all the holes. Now here's the step I missed. And I didn't think about till just now, I always, put two pieces of wax. paper under my first layer. So when I get through icing it I can just slip it out and. everything's nice and clean. But since I didn't do that, we're just gonna have. to clean up the mess. So this is the way I. handle doing the sides, I put my hand against the cake kind of pressing that coconut onto the side of that cake. And my leftovers I just bring them back up just like that. Stay on in the coconut. All right, Eddie are we gonna show them how I normally decorate this? - [Eddie] I don't know,. do we have any holy nuts? - I think we do.. - Yeah. - I think we do have holy nut bluish. - [Eddie] I'll go hunting. - Okay. Cause that makes it so pretty. - [Teresa] Why don't we take a break while you go grab some. - Okay, well I'll finish, I'll finish frosting this cake and Eddie's gonna go get some of the stuff that I like to have on my cake when I present it. to my family and my friends. Okay. Y'all we finished yet. Now I love at Christmas. time, to present my cake with holy on top. And normally, I will use an artificial, but if and I didn't have. any artificial today so we had to use the real thing. You definitely don't. want to eat any of these or allow anybody else to eat it. So what I do is I take. these and I wrap them in tenfold so that nothing is touching my cake. And then when I go to cut. it, I just take them out and making sure there's no. end 'cause these will wash really, really y'all in a warm soapy water to make. sure they're good and clean. But like I said, I think I. would just use the artificial so you don't have to worry about it. And there really is some pretty. artificial holy out there aint there Eddie.. - Oh yeah. - Yeah. So to make me feel better and knowing you're. okay, go get artificial. But this is a stunning. show stopper of a cake Merry Christmas to us (laughing) Loving best dishes y'all. Oh! Okay, y'all I had ended the. show with loving best dishes but you know what, as. soon as we cut the camera Eddie said, "you're not. gonna it cutting it?" I said, "We'll cut it." So I said, "Yes, let's show them what our hard work yielded us." And I start with my cake. straight down the center and this is the way my mother cut hers. So that's the way I've always cut mine. Look at that. Look at that. Now that's my favorite piece to get y'all. The end pieces. Oh my gracious. And then I just keep going. Just like this because I know cakes are. really pretty cutting wages but for some reason, it's more cake than I can eat and probably. most anybody can eat. So I just have found out. that I can yield more slices by doing it this way but you feel free to cut. it any way you want to. In fact, when I get into it. and I've got that part even, I can make like three slices out of it. Okay, here we go. Mh, mh! Okay. Here, y'all go. (laughing) - Yum yum.. - Oh my goodness. Bye now.