- It's the 12 days of. Christmas cookies, y'all. We're almost there. Eddie is not filming with us today. He's gonna start decorating for Christmas and I can't wait to see it. So he's decorating, I'm making cookies, and Teresa's filming. Aunt Peggy is on her way. My sister-in-law, Sandy Neville, has gone to Albany to pick her up. So we are so excited. Right, Lulu? Are we excited? Yes. She said yes. We're so excited, y'all. So I wanna share this recipe with y'all. Now, I shared a gooey butter cake cookie with y'all a while back, but. the other day for Christmas I just wanted to do. something a little different. So I said, candy canes,. what can we do with that? So- (hands clapping) Peppermint cookies. So I'm using the gooey. butter cake cookie recipe to make our peppermint cookies. And so last week or week before last, Teresa, we were playing around and the recipe that I. had concocted last week didn't work so good. I wanted to make 'em into candy canes, you know, rolling out. (host whining) I'll use those store. peppermint candy canes. So, anyway, the family just. flipped over these cookies so I wanna share it with y'all. We are gonna start what, LuLu? She wants something Eddie, doesn't she? I'm gonna start with an eight. ounce package of cream cheese. You know, this is the ingredients we use to make our goey butter cakes. Yeah, I thought, gosh, I don't remember what I did last week. You know, I'll just do things on the fly and then forget or get. confused (laughing). I know y'all find that. hard to believe, don't you? All right, I'm gonna. add one stick of butter. So the gooey butter cake cookies, a little butter right there (laughing). The gooey butter cake cookies don't have but one stick of butter in 'em. Where our goey butter. cakes have two sticks. So we're gonna cream this up real good. (mixer whipping) Now we're gonna add our egg. One egg. Our goey butter cakes actually. have three eggs in those. So little less egg, a little less butter. All right. Now, I'm gonna put in. our peppermint extract. It smells so good and I can't remember what. I did the other day, y'all. Do you remember, Teresa? - [Teresa] A teaspoon. - No, I'm gonna do a. tablespoon (laughing). - [Teresa] Why do you ask? - Because I don't know. But we want these nice. and pepperminty, you know, and I may just put a dollop. of vanilla flavoring in. You know, just gotta have. vanilla in something. Mm-mm-mm. All right, so now we're gonna add, y'all, this is the easiest cookie ever. Now, we're gonna add a cake mix and I'm using just a white. cake mix rather than a yellow because being peppermint. cookies, you know, I want 'em kind of white. And use any kind you want. Any brand will work. All right. So we're just gonna mix that up good. I was over there beating the. hell out of it (laughing). Thing is they didn't want beat. So I thought, you know,. let me bring them over here and just do 'em in the, got a few stragglers that. didn't wanna beat up. But these, when you bake these cookies, these somehow get around. the edge of that cookie and get so crisp. It's like chewy candy. You know, when you, it's good. - All right, so here we go. I don't have any idea how much. peppermint that we crushed. - [Teresa] We did one bag. of the starlight mint. - Okay, well let me,. let's measure it so we can kind of give people an idea. Whoa, nice little heaping cup (laughing). There we go. I'm gonna stir that in there. Okay, now I'm gonna stick this. in the refrigerator, y'all. And love that crunch. of the candy in there. Look at those. I mean, those are just. pure egg right there. Those will make it turn a little pink. Okay. I'm gonna stick this in the. refrigerator and chill it because we're gonna wanna roll it in balls and then roll it in powdered sugar and bake 'em for just a few minutes. So these are the peppermint cookies that I'm getting ready to finish, y'all. And I'm just rolling them in a ball and rolling them in powdered sugar. And now I think I'm gonna. press 'em down like that because I found that I do. like this on the thin side. Okay, y'all, there's a. couple of cookies missing. Jamie Dean said, Mama,. I'm getting two cookies and you can put 'em back in the oven. So that's what I did because. I kinda like mine crispy. And I also like to add some. confectioner sugar, you know, after I take 'em out. Please be careful because. that peppermint when it melts, it's like a hot syrup, and Jamie burned his. hands trying to hurry. So I think I cooked these. about 14 minutes, y'all, and I got another pan ready to come out. Okay, y'all. So I can't remember if I mashed these down before I put 'em in the oven. or I just left them in a ball. These were all left in a ball. Half of these I mashed down. So it really doesn't too much matter unless you like a thinner cookie. Once you get 'em ball. rolled in the powdered sugar put on your cookie sheet. and you can just mash 'em. Just mash 'em down, and that will give you maybe. a little bit thinner cookie. Michael likes his thin and crispy. Now, see that's my favorite. part when that candy's on the edge and it gets real crisp. All right, so I wanna put. these on a cookie sheet. I meant on a wire rack to cool. Oh, gosh, it's so good. So, so good. And they're actually very. easy, aren't they, Teresa? - [Teresa] Very. - Now I just, after they. come out of the oven, I sprinkle 'em with a little. bit more powdered sugar because I just like it. (Teresa laughing) I just like it. It's not necessary if you don't want to but to me it makes a. more holiday that look. See, see right there. where that piece of candy was on the edge and it melted and look it's in a shape of a heart. (paper crackling) And don't even think. about making these, y'all, without parchment paper. If you don't have any parchment paper, don't think about it. Yum. Okay, Teres. You wanna taste one for 'em? I wanna take a- Oh, yes. You want me to taste it for 'em? - [Teresa] Yeah, they wanna see you. - Honey, I am just happy to. Let me find a little one. Look, that piece of. little candy on the edge. That's so good. And here's the funny thing, I'm not crazy about peppermint, y'all, but Jamie got a little of the peppermint on his fingers a while ago. He said, darn. I think I like melted peppermint. You won't be sorry you made these. Merry Christmas, Number 11 (laughing).