- Hey, y'all, I'm craving something sweet today. And I'm going to make something that I hadn't made in so long that I'd like to share. with y'all, and I'm hungry. And that's a butterscotch pie. So I'm going to start y'all by adding half a cup of flour, a cup of brown sugar, corn starch, a tablespoon of corn starch, a little bit of salt. and then I've got my cream over here, my milk, and a couple of egg yolks that I'm gonna temper in to this mixture. Now you wanna mix that up real good, make sure that flour is really worked in with that sugar real good. So this won't lump on us. So, this is going to be a delicious pie. Anybody that likes butterscotch, this is going to move. to the top of your list I bet for pies. Okay, that's worked in there nicely. Now, I'm gonna start adding my milk and I'm going to add it kind of slow so I can get it all. mixed together real good. We're using brown sugar for. this pie versus white sugar because the brown sugar just. it makes it more as you know, more caramel-y or butterscotchy. So this is already starting to look good. And you'll want to do this with your whisk almost the whole time it's cooking to keep it from lumping. And I don't see any lumps. So I'm gonna finish adding my milk. Oh, I almost didn't get a big enough pan. My direction say in a large pan. (laughs) All right, so I've got. this, I set on about medium. I can still see grains of brown sugar. So I'm going keep on at it, until I know that everything. is dissolved in there. Okay Eddie, it's starting. to get thick now. It's kind of a slow process. I turned it up a little bit, now I'm going to turn it back down. So it is getting thick and we've got two egg yolks over here. And we're going to temper. them into our hot pudding mix. Now by temper, we're gonna add some of the hot into the egg yolks because you really really need to do this because it's important. If you just dumped it all in there there's a good chance that. you would have scrambled eggs. And I liked scrambled eggs but I don't like them in my pies. So I think that will do nicely. And then we gonna let that. cook for a few more minutes so we can make sure our egg gets done. There we go, on the road again. I just wanna whisk that egg into a custard and I bet y'all are thinking, I hadn't seen her her put the. first part a butter in there. Guess what? (laughs) - [Eddie] You need butter. - You do it to the - [Eddie] for butterscotch. - yeah for butterscotch. We've got the scotch and now. we gotta have the butter. So there's our butter. And I'm gonna add a. teaspoon of vanilla pudding. I mean, vanilla flavoring. I got pudding on my brain, y'all. That's not much butter for that big all pile custard, is it? Lord I hadn't made this pie in ages. I've forgotten how good that custard is. - [Eddie] So I never really. thought what makes butterscotch? - What Eddie, I'm sorry. - [Eddie] I never really. thought, what is butterscotch? I mean, it's brown sugar and butter. - It's brown sugar but we've got like butterscotch morsels that we're gonna add to this to really kick up the butterscotch flavor. Now, when we put this in. the refrigerator to cool you're gonna want to put it in a bowl and then use some kind of plastic wrap and pat it on top of the custard so that your custard won't. get this hard crust on it. So, that will be our next. step, but we going let it cool. Just a few minutes before we put it straight. into the refrigerator. Okay, I'd like to see that. come back to a little ball, that comes, that comes All right now, I think it's. safe to add our vanilla. You really don't wanna add your vanilla until after it's off the heat because look amidst the spoon I love a little extra vanilla because it will evaporate. if it's actually cooled. So that's our last step. All right, so I'm gonna. take this off of the stove. I'm gonna let it cool for a minute. And then I'm going to. transfer it to this bowl and we going slip this. in the refrigerator. And you know what? To me Eddie, this would. be good in custard cups. You know, not even have. to fool with a pie crust just make individual. little bowls of custard with a dollop of fresh. sweetened whipped cream on it. - It kinda reminds me of crumbled eggs. - Yeah. - Is this sort of like crumbled eggs? - Yeah, it is, kinda yeah, kinda yeah. (mumbles) Okay. - You want me to hold the bowl? - Oh, I think I got it. I'd rather miss and not burn you. I don't wanna burn you in other words. - I knew what you were saying. - All right, so now we're gonna get out. a piece of plastic wrap I'm going press that down onto our custard and that'll prevent that film, that hard film from forming. Cause that does it compliment our custard. Okay, so in the refrigerator this goes we're going to leave it there. until it is completely cool. (door bell rings) Come in! (laughing) That ain't the door bell. See you after it's cooled. Theresa did so good y'all, she put our bowl in the freezer which makes cream whips so much better. And she's got our. whipping cream real cold. - Oops. (laughs) Oopsie. So, now we're going to whip that cream up until it's the right consistency y'all. Fill the top of our pie. And I'm gonna use our. powdered sugar to [Indistinct] A quarter of a cup or a cup [Indistinct] Our whipping cream is to. the right consistency. You can see it forms nice peaks. So now, to bring our pie totally together, we go stirring about a fourth of a cup of butterscotch morsels. Morsels, morsels. All right, let's see (mumbles) A few more. All right now our custard down here, thanks to Theresa is nice and cold and I'm just gonna pour it in. I mean, it's really. thick this white Theresa if you can kind of help me hold that bowl - Sure. - Please because it's heavy. - That came up nicely. - Yes, it did. - Oh, excuse me. I'm I scratching it? - Not at all. - I'm gonna get it all out. - I know. (laughs) - Nobody to be short. on their butterscotch. So we just go and take out our spatula. - Now you told them we used a pre-baked, did you tell them about. the pre-baked pie crust? - Oh yeah, no, I forgot to tell them that, but we used the frozen pie crust for the S, you know,. just the kind you buy it the grocery store in. the freezer department? So there we go. That looks pretty good. I'm going bring that out to the edge. All right, now we gonna put. our whipped cream on top. I think the kids would. love this butterscotch pie, don't y'all think? Don't you think the. children would love it? - [Eddie] I'm sure they would. - [Theresa] But then any. of that, if I had to share. (laughing) - I mean, look, our cup runneth over. (laughs) - [Eddie] That's good, to cover - Our cup runneth over. I'm trying to decide. - Better have too much than too little. - I'm telling you it's. better to have it not need it than need it and don't have it. I'm thinking that I'm. not going to bring that all the way to the edge, because I think it kind of looks nice. So you can see what kind. of pie is, you know? what do y'all think, or you think I'm just afraid to push it because that made a pile of custard. - It'll pile off though. - Okay now for the finishing touch. What do y'all think? - [Eddie] That is a good looking pie. - I think we have done very, very good but here's the only thing, y'all gonna have to. trust me on how it taste because it's got to go. back in the refrigerator and see it a little bit longer so it will cook nicely. Y'all don't mind though. Y'all take my word, don't you? Love & Best Dishes y'all. Okay, I'm fixing to cut. this butterscotch pie that we made earlier, and we use just that frozen shale. So I'm going to take my scissors and cut through that tenfold. And that's going to help. that first piece of pie release itself. So how big you want your pie is where you cut it? You know, I always get. nervous when I make pies and I'm under the gun of a camera because you don't know. if it's going to come out or it's going to flop. But I have a feeling, if this one flops. All right, let's see just. pulled that crust away. - [Theresa] Piece one is always the piece that you give yourself? - Yeah. I guess that came out. pretty good considering the tip got left in there You gotta make sure that you. cut the pie all the way through So y'all, pretty clean. I'm passing out forks. Why don't you come around here for Teresa? - Look here, look out, this is what. Eddie's been waiting for. He won't admit it, but he insisted. - And this is that homemade. pack growth, right? - No this is. - No, the [Indistinct] - It's good. And it's got just enough. butterscotch with the chips in it. We'll save Eddie some. - It's fine, mighty fine. Come on, Theresa. - And we'll save Eddie some - Eddie, does Eddie want some? (laughs) Okay, (mumbles) eat the whole piece, right Eddie? - [Eddie] I'm going to get mine later. (laughing) - Okay, you can have it back. - [Theresa] Thank you. - Love & Best Dishes y'all.