- Hey, y'all. I'm doing a special show. in honor and in memory of one of the most wonderful men here that lived here in Savannah. His name was Stan Strickland,. and he's The Candy Man. I called him Stan, My Candy Man. He was one of the nicest,. unselfish, kind men you could ever hope to meet. Now, Michael, how long. have you known Stan? - I don't know, a long time. - Since, the beginning of time, yeah. - Since the middle '70s. - Yes, and, of course,. I didn't get to meet him until I moved here to. Savannah, but he and his family started River Street Sweets, and then Stan broke off from his children that kept run, kept that going, and he opened Savannah Candy Kitchen, and both of 'em are just great. They make the most wonderful. pralines, don't they, Michael? - [Michael] Yeah, I think so. - You can walk in either. place, River Street Sweets or - - [Michael] Savannah Candy Kitchen. - Savannah Candy Kitchen, yeah,. and you'll find them making, they have a big old copper bowl up there, and they're making pralines and, of course, they're giving out samples, 'cause they know if you ever. sample it, you gonna want it. But Stan actually has appeared with me on my show several times over the years. And anytime I'd call. and ask him, you know, he would say, "Absolutely, Paula." But this town is gonna miss him. We went to his funeral. Saturday, I think it was. And I've never seen that many. people at a funeral as Stan's. So, he was just so well loved. So, I remember when Stan, one time he was on my show with me, I can't remember if it was. "Best Dishes" or "Home Cooking," or which one it was, but I. remember him making pralines, and that's what their two candy. stores are really known for is those pralines. They got a thousand other candies, but this is in memory of Stan, so I'm gonna try to make his pralines. And I'm gonna start with, let me see, a cup and a half of sugar and a cup and a half of light brown sugar. You know, these are really simple to make, but the timing, it's all. about timing, you know? I mean, you got to cook them from, to the proper temperature. So, I'm gonna mix these up, and I'm gonna add, like, 1/4. to 1/2 a teaspoon of salt. Stan was also involved in a lot. of restaurants here in town, wasn't he, Michael? - [Michael] Oh, yeah. - [Paula] Do you have any Stan stories? - [Michael] Um. - [Paula] Any you can tell in public? - No, he was just the most. generous guy you'd ever meet. - He was. He was. - I mean, he, I know he told me to take a, go to Key West and use his boat. - [Paula] Uh huh. Yeah, he - - Which, not many people do that. - You know, he invited Bobby and the girl that he. was dating at the time down to The Bahamas to go fishing. And Bobby said they fished. for about two or three days with Stan, and he said it was so much fun, but that's the kind of person he was. All right, now this calls for three tablespoons of dark syrup, and you'll see, I sprayed my spoon. - [Michael] Don't spill it. - I know it. So see that syrup will just. roll right out of there. All right. That's one, two. Three. So, if you've ever been. in the Atlanta Airport, there is a Savannah Candy. Kitchen on Concourse - - [Michael] Is it C? - Or is it B? - [Michael] Yeah, I think it might be B. - Yeah, I'm thinking it's B. So, if you've never dropped. in there, just go in and say, I sure would like my sample of pralines, but you know what? - [Michael] Turtles are my favorite. - I know you love the. turtles, but you know what became my favorite was. the chocolate pralines. Oh my goodness. I remember at Christmas, you know, when we would work with the. Salvation Army, you know, and we would take care of some families that otherwise wouldn't have a Christmas. And naturally, I would call Stan and say, can you help me, Candy Man? I need some goodies for these families I'm trying to do for, and. always, he sent so much. He sent enough that I. was able to keep some at the house, a little at the house. I mean, he would send that much. All right, so I added three. tablespoons of dark corn syrup. And now, I'm gonna add one. cup of evaporated milk, and evaporated milk is the. one that comes in the can in case you - - [Michael] Why do they. call it evaporated? - 'Cause it'll evaporate. on you real quick. I don't know. - [Michael] Don't look evaporated to me. - I don't know, Michael. I'll get the can and let you read everything about it, and then you can tell us all. How 'bout that? I know when I'm making. my macaroni and cheese, I don't want to use anything. but evaporated milk. It's just so rich and creamy. All right. Now, I don't know if I told y'all, but I buttered the side of my pan. So when I get to cooking,. it won't stick to the sides, because we are gonna cook. this until it starts balling. We're gonna cook it to a soft ball. - [Michael] Soft boil? - Soft ball, B-A-L-L. - [Michael] Doesn't sound like it. - Over medium heat. So, this is gonna take a few minutes. So, just sit back and get you some coffee. or go to the bathroom. Get you a soda, eat you an apple. Everybody but you, Michael,. you can't leave me. Okay, y'all. I think we're there, to 236. I'm gonna remove this from the heat. I'm gonna turn off my eye. I'm gonna pull out my thermometer. - [Michael] Right. - Be careful. That's hot, Theresa. And the little piece came off. That's all right. So, I'm gonna let this. cool for about 10 minutes, and then we gonna beat it. I think I might have, since. I messed up my shoulder, I think you're gonna have to. beat this praline for me, okay? I put, actually put the timer on this, so it's been sitting 10 minutes, Michael. And now, we're add a teaspoon. and some extra drippings. - [Michael] What is that? Vanilla? - It's Paula Deen's pure vanilla. extract, and it's so good. So good. - Okay, start? - Yeah. Yeah. So, we gonna have to beat this, and you can't do like. a little tiny back rub. You got beat it. - Okay, well, that's. all you need to tell me. That's my style. - We're putting in half a cup of pecans. - [Michael] Most of the time. you say, you got to fold it in. - You wanna change everything. around. Just beat it. Just beat it. Yeah. Beat it like you mean it. There you go. Now that's the way to hold it onto it. You was doing a little. Cece, a little Cece beat there for a second. All right. I'm gonna get our ice cream scoop ready, and by ready I mean, I'm spraying it so it won't stick to it. as we're dipping it up. Probably gonna take a couple of minutes until candy is slightly thick. and begins to lose its gloss. You know, that's what pralines. and divinity have in common. You have to, as soon. as you start seeing 'em lose that gloss, ooh, buddy, have to work quick. So did I, I mentioned, I. told everybody, didn't I, Eddie, about, if you're. in the Atlanta Airport, and I think it's Concourse B, when you come off the escalator, Stan's Savannah Candy Kitchen is right there to the left, and - - [Eddie] I think they've got. a few locations other than, you know, in Atlanta. - I think they're kind of - - [Eddie] Charlotte, maybe. - I wouldn't be surprised. I can't keep up with Stan. I know I was on - - He had one in Nashville, too, didn't he? - [Eddie] Yeah. - I can't remember. I know I had introduced him. to Bob at Pigeon Forge at the, on the island, yeah, and I think Bob was in. conversation with Stan about possibly opening up a. Savannah Candy Kitchen in, where our restaurant is on. the island in Pigeon Forge, but he was a busy man, and I vaguely remember something. I used to be on QVC, and do you remember about. that story, Theresa? - [Theresa] What story? - About when I was on QVC? Because now, if y'all ever watch QVC, Stan and Tonya's youngest son, Brett. - [Theresa] Rhett.. - Rhett. - Brett. - Rhett.. - [Theresa] Rhett. - Rhett, like Rhett Butler? - [Theresa] Like Rhett Butler, exactly. - He's on QVC now selling their products. So, Stan always had a. good catalog business, you remember, Theresa? - [Theresa] Absolutely. - Had a great catalog business but, you know, he just knew, he knew how to play and. he knew how to work hard. - He was good at both of 'em. - Mm hmm, real good at both of 'em. - Paula, we're about to. lose our gloss here now. - You think? I don't think so, but I, my. hat is off to Stan's two sons and a daughter and his wife, Tonya. I think Tonya has been a. great asset to the business, as well as Stan and his children. All right, you might need. to let me kind of feel it. You gonna let me feel it? - You go on ahead. - [Paula] Okay. You just keep beating. Yeah. You just keep beating, baby. All right, let me just,. I'll do one little drop, and we'll just see what. it looks like, okay? But it's not losing its gloss yet. See, it's still real shiny, so, beat away. Beat away, boy. - [Theresa] Three hours later. - [Eddie] Well, you can see. the difference in the color. - [Paula] Yeah. - [Eddie] It's a little more milky. - [Paula] Yeah, and I guess, you know, you could use your hand mixer, but when it starts. losing its gloss, I mean, you have to work quick. Theresa, I might need another. cookie sheet, honey bunny. - [Theresa] Okay. - [Paula] Oh gosh, my shoulder. See, that's starting to. Oh. I can't hardly dip in the. pot 'cause my shoulder. We just a bunch of old has. beens, Mikey, you and me, - [Michael] Need me to help you? - No, I'm bringing the pot down some. We gonna need another. - [Theresa] Here you go. - Thank you. Okay, I'm gonna let you, uh huh. - Finish? - Yeah. Let me get this one, see? Look at that. See, it's, see how. that's losing its gloss. You got to work quick. You the man. So, that's it, y'all. I could have cooked 'em. another two degrees. They were just fixing. lose their gloss, though, when we dipped up the end of the pot. So I'm gonna have to. let these cool some more before I can pick 'em up and enjoy one. But every time I see a praline. or a piece of candy, Stan, I'll think about you. And I hope the best for. Tonya and the three children. And I know how badly. y'all are gonna miss him, and all of his friends. are right there with you. So, to the good times, Stan. Love and best dishes, y'all. - Rest in peace, Stanley.