- Hey, y'all it's Jamie. Dane here today with Paula. Not really, we're in mom's kitchen though, and it is fall, ♪ it is fall, it is fall, the. leaves are falling everywhere. ♪ Remember that? Talking about that? It's a yo Gabba Gabba. For those of you, you do not have kids or cable television. Yo Gabba Gabba says it. is fall and it is fall. So we're having fall. recipes for this month. Today, we're doing a. souffle pumpkin pancake. My kids love pancakes. It's. a real hassle to my pancakes. When Jack was born, somebody gave me a round. pancake pan with animals in it. You pour the batter, you flip them and there's. animals on the pancakes. That is the best, easiest. way for me to make pancakes, flipping them and doing them all in a skillet. is a real challenge. So today this is a souffle pancakes, which are going to see is. going to be their list. So we're going to start with. two tablespoons of butter in this pan that we have to melt. - If we turned on the stove cause, you know, we have such good. - [Jamie] We have our,. our, our production people, aren't always that's the wrong huh. (ignites stove) This won't take one second. So, if you don't like doing. pancakes at the house, If you don't like the. mess or any of that stuff, this is going to be a good recipe for you. You Melt this couple of. tablespoons of butter. This is two tablespoons. of butter into this. I'm going to add one. tablespoon of brown sugar. Then we also have a quarter cup of pecans. If you don't have, if you're not fortunate. enough to live in the south, where there are pecan trees everywhere. I use a lot of fresh. pecans and lots of times I'll just go out and pick them up myself. They sell them at the grocery store. And if you get some home. and you need only a quarter, a cup for a recipe, take your pecans and put. them into the freezer, and then you always have. free fresh pea cans, no matter what, the time of the year. And we're gonna, we're just going to do this mixture down in the skillet, and then we're going to save. it because this is actually the pan that we're going to be. cooking our pancakes in. So, this butter is down far enough for me. We're going to add our brown sugar. I'm going to work this into. the hot butter just until it starts to melt. So, you know, any recipe that starts with. butter and brown sugar is going to be popular recipe around here, is basically Cameron and we love us. You can see how the sugar. has started to melt, and I don't want to cook. it all the way down, before i have my pecans in here. We're going to turn these, maybe give this a couple. of minutes to cook. These are raw pecans, so we want them to soften. up just a little bit. Okay y'all, I've cooked these pecans. for about two minutes and our butter and brown sugar. I'm just going to put it. in a separate little bowl. - I can eat just that. - Me too, buddy, for. that over some ice cream. Ooh, Okay, I'm going. to stay the skillet up because we'll be working with that skillet a little bit later. Our next step is our dry ingredients. And I'm going to read off the. paper because Teresa wants me to tell you measurements all the time. So what we're going to do is mix together two thirds of a cup of flour. We have one teaspoon of pumpkin POSS bias, a third of a cup of sugar. What we like to call it? A pinch of salt, its a. quarter of a teaspoon of salt, convenient, the turnaround at mom's house, and just be able to grab. so many wooden items disturbed with that. We're going to mix all this up together, back to the stove. Okay Y'all, I didn't even. have to turn this panel. This melted three more. tablespoons of butter for me. So we've got this. I'm going. to go into a large bowl. We're going to whisk in three egg yolks, two thirds of a cup of buttermilk. - Jamie. I think it was. actually four egg yolks. One just happened to be, - [Jamie] that was um four, - Um, hmm. - [Jamie] Oh, it sure is. So that's four egg yolks. and we have two thirds, a cup of buttermilk. We have one and a half. teaspoons of vanilla extract, and this is one teaspoon. So we'll go one and than a whisk more, scientific measurements right here, and then into this, we're also going to whisk in. our flour mixture that we made from before that, the. last ingredient here, I'll go ahead and get all the. measurements out of the way. This is one cup of pumpkin pure, right? So the flour that we did earlier, I'm going to whisk it. into our wet ingredients. You don't ever want to dump. all your dry stuff and it just makes it too hard to. get it all incorporated. So we're repeating this process where? we gradually add dry to wet. (stirring mixture) This recipe is a little bit. more detailed than what y'all see from me, but I promise. you it's going to be worth. It's a simple fall. pancake that you can fix, and you know, the hardest thing is trying. to make sure that the last person eating a pancake, can eat somewhat close. to the first person. Even the pancake is hard to. make a bunch of pancakes and keep up, keep them all. hot and fresh and ready. (stirring mixture) Awesome, (clanks whisk) and now we're going to. add our pumpkin puree, Which it really smells. like a fresh pumpkin, - Look, that pretty color. - [Jamie] So beautiful. This is going to be delicious. And they're called the off. chance that my momma sees this and I'll make sure every. bit of that egg outta there. Momma taught us that the profits. are in the corner's boys. (stirring mixture) We should save each out behind you. And there's barely enough. for a rabbit to eat, by the time I get down with it. Okay? All this is mixed together. Get back to our big table. - Okay. I'll take it in the egg white, four egg whites, four yolks that I use (Hand mixture swooshing) Now they're in a little bowl. And I am gonna whisk these until soft peek form. so Its kinda like a marian. Already getting started. because this feels like watching paint job. Um, just a few more seconds,. and one it feels firmed up, We will be ready and. going for the next step - All right. Y'all that. song pinky enough for me. And you gotta be careful because. I learned this the hard way in the restaurant. One day, you can over whip something. and break it right back down. So you don't want to beat this too much. And then another thing which. is related to you don't want to work it too much. We're going to fold the. egg whites into here. We're going to incorporate these. egg whites into our pumpkin mixture, taking care to fold it in. Don't want to overwork this, but we have to get an incorporated gently just going to work all this. I wish I could smell this smell so good. Now these egg whites are going. to just make our pancakes so light and fluffy. And that's all I'm going to. be very careful with that instead of the little. skillet that we started with, we're going to use it. And we're going to spoon this. mixture down into our scale at which is properly graced. because we have melted five tablespoons of butter down in. here over the last little bit. (pouring from bowl) (clanks spatula) If you're making this for yourself, you can just have one pancake, but when it comes out of the oven, you're going to slice it like corn bread. Alright. (clanks spatula) In our last step to this, before we cook it is we're. going to get our pecans and make sure our Pecans and brown sugar. Look, it's starting to harden. up on me for making candy. I really don't want to splash and take I must have grate that up. Let me see what I got. I got stuff all over me. Okay, i had to break that up. and harden up a little bit. I'm going to sprinkle this around. Good gracious, Does this look good? - And that melts on top. is going to be fabulous. - [Jamie] Um, hmm. (clanks spatula) Super good. So, this is going into the oven. Now, let me check and make sure, because I'll just tell you, 350 for 25 minutes for everything. If it goes into the oven at 350 degrees, and it's going to cook for. 20 to 30 minutes until it's golden brown will take one second. Kind of arrange my pecans here. on top so we could see them. That's it. The Oven's at 350 and we're. going to cook this for, let's check on it in 20. minutes, and we'll see, and lucky here, y'all Sue. flayed, pumpkin pancake. - Oh my gosh. That looks so good. - [Jamie] And it smells, Oh my gosh, and so we're going to finish it. We're just going to put a little. confectioner sugar on here, make it look pretty sweet,. get up just to touch. And I mean, I just pulled. this out of the oven, but I cannot wait to taste it. So if I were at my house serving. this mama was going to be so proud when I started. shaking that harder than I did, but I wanted y'all to see it. I would probably let this, I'm not going to let it cool. down because everybody wants a warm pancake, but I probably would let it sit here for three or four minutes. Cause it just come out of the oven, and if you want to get a nice clean cut, but it's just me and y'all so, let's see what we got this way. So if you want to cut it, like a pie. You got four folks or if you got eight, I always. like to cut it in half. And that way you get. pretty true measurements. Everybody gets about the same. I know mom has a tool for this but she would tell you that. I am hard headed and I do not want to wait and go find that tool. So I'm always willing for the. first piece to come out ugly, - look at how good that looks. - [Jamie] So light and. fluffy and delicious. Um, my mouth is watering. Let me get a fork. Let me tell you, I just licked my finger and. the caramel stuff on the top is to die. Um, um, Um, That is good. Just the way it is. But if it's a pancake, I want. a little bit of sharp on here. Just a little bit. Y'all I'm telling you this. recipe is going to be a huge hit and your next brunch or your breakfast, for yourself, for your family. It's really easy to do. and so light and fluffy. Um, um, Woo, woooh Going to be hot too.. When it comes to oven. Delicious. Thanks for tuning in today Y'all um, see you around the kitchen.