- Hey y'all, hey friends. Have we come up for a. new name for this show? No, we hadn't. Didn't we ask people to submit a name? - [Woman] Those videos. probably haven't come out yet. - So we're asking, we're not going, we're going to quit calling. this the Quarantine Videos because I feel like we're on. the backend of our quarantine, and anyway, after the quarantine, I'm still going to be doing these. But I guess right now they are the Quarantine cooking videos. Until we come up with a better name, and I'm gonna need y'all's help. I'm so excited to share this. recipe with y'all today. My grandmother Hiers's butternut cake. And I have never seen this cake anywhere except in my grandmother Hiers's kitchen. And it's delicious, it turns out to be a bright yellow. This is the vanilla. butter and nut flavoring, and it kind of turns. everything a bright yellow. And I could not find any. in the grocery store. So Eddie ordered this off the website. I don't know which one. Can you tell me, Eddie? - [Eddie] I just got it off of Amazon. - Amazon, okay. 'Cause it's hard, hard to find. Ooo, I wish y'all could smell it. Have you smelled it, Eddie? Smells so yummy, I'd love to drink it, but you know it would taste like poo. - [Eddie] No, I don't think that. When I think of butternut I'm. thinking butternut squash. What is the meaning? Since it's kind of an old-timey. - It's a combination of vanilla flavoring, vanilla extract, a butter extract, and a nut extract. It's all three of them together. Maybe if I change glasses. These are for the sun. These are my shades, 'cause the bright light, I may shut those in a minute. Contains water, propylene glycol. That sounds like that stuff that puts you to sleep, doesn't it? Natural and artificial flavors, xanthum gum, FD&C yellow number five, FD&C red number 40, and sodium... Benzate. (laughs) Anyway, it's good y'all. I don't know all those terms, all those technical terms. I do hope that y'all will make this cake and enjoy it. It brings back a lot of memories for me. Let me tell y'all the story behind this. I'm starting with one cup of Crisco. I was doing one of my shows and my Aunt Beth Hiers, who was married to my Uncle Bob, she saw the show where. I said I didn't know what I had done with grandma's recipe, I hadn't been able to find it. She wrote me the sweetest card. She wrote me a get well. card about my eyes. She said, "Saw your show when. you talked about grandma Hiers and her yellow cake. I'm sending the recipe. It's always been one of our favorites. Love, Aunt Beth." I appreciate that so much, Beth. In fact, I need to just. sit down and talk with you and make sure I have gotten. all of grandma Hire's recipes, because with y'all just. living around the corner from each other down there in Winterhaven, you were able to keep track. on what she was doing. I think you so much, my dear Aunt Beth. We're gonna start with one cup of Crisco and two cups of flour, I mean two cups of sugar. And you know what, they told me that if you plug this in, that it works a lot better. (laughs) But that may be just a rumor. We'll see. I got sinus issues this morning, y'all. It used to be that all. your cakes and cookies, everything was made with, I don't mean to push this brand, but it was made with Crisco. Your biscuits, yeah, a solid shortening. But if you were real lucky, when you were making your. pie crust and your biscuits, you had your hand on some lard. 'Cause it makes the. flakiest, lightest biscuits you've ever put in your mouth. I'm just gonna cream this up real good. This'll actually be lapsed time. (mixer whirring) All right, now we're gonna add four eggs, and my grandmother tells me to beat them before I add them in, but I'm not going to do that. I'm just gonna drop them in one at a time. I don't think it'll have. a great deal of difference in the way our cake turns out. I can see those eggs. already making it yellow. Okay, last egg. (mixer whirring) All right, I wanna make sure. I scrape the sides down. So it'll all get mixed up really well. You don't want to over beat a cake, and you don't want to under beat it. Have to be kind of careful. My next step is to add two. cups of self-rising flour. I found in a lot of grandma's cakes she used self-rising flour, and a cup of milk. I'm gonna alternate flour to milk, and you wanna start with. flour and end with flour. I do not know why, I'm not a scientist. But your cake is so much. smoother and creamier by adding the flour last. We're gonna start with the flour. (mixer whirring) And remember you'll. wanna take your spatula scrape the sides down, so it'll all get incorporated. You'll just have to watch your milk and your flour so that you. just have enough flour left for that to be the last addition. - [Woman] I never knew that about flour. I didn't know that about flour. - You didn't? Didn't know what? - [Woman] That flour be last. - Oh yeah, yeah. Most recipes will share that. information with you, Teresa. In case it doesn't... - [Teresa] Tip of the day. - If it tells you to. alternate wet with dry, make sure that your dry is the last. I think my milk's gonna. last longer than my flour, so I just adjust that by. pouring a little bit more flour. Little bit more milk in there. If I feel like I'm getting off with it. I alternated the milk with the flour. Last thing to go in is the flour. I had it worked out pretty good. It wasn't too, too bad. That last flour is gonna make it perfect. Thank you, grandmamma. I was so fortunate to have two wonderful sets of grandparents. And my two grandmothers could. not have been more different. I have a picture somewhere. here in this house of my two grandmothers, one was about 5'10, and the other one was like 4'10, 4'11. I just adore that picture of them. I said it was like a devil and an angel. - [Eddie] They were together. standing side by side? - Yes, they were standing side by side. I think I've even seen it hung down at one of the restaurants, I'm not sure. Grandmother Hiers, she was an angel. In fact, I remember my daddy telling me he had gotten sick and was. getting ready to have surgery, he said "You know your grandmother Hiers is really an angel." She was the finest Christian. woman I've ever met. Got to the fourth grade, and when I'd go stay with her and visit, we had to read the bible every night. She would read all those long words, and I would say "I don't know. what that means, grandmamma." And she would explain it. Now, fourth grade education, but she was so kind, and my grandma Paul, she was... - [Eddie] A little spicy? - Yeah, she was kind of spicy. And she worked like a dog, well, so did my grandma Hiers, grandma Paul, I think. both of my grandmothers were women of substance. I said "That's what I. wanna be when I grow up. A woman of substance." If I ever run up on that picture, I'll show you my two grandmammas. Now, I'm fixing to add one tablespoon of that incredible, incredible flavoring. Doing this reminds me of that. day I was on the Oprah show, and I was making grandma. Paul's sour cream pound cake, and I was using one of. these little rami cans to something in and I dropped it. And the mixer was just. like on number five, it was going to beat the band. - [Teresa] And what'd you do? - I ran. I thought somebody's got to clean this up. And then I realized it was my job. After I had sprayed my children sitting there with new clothes on, I sprayed batter all over them and whoever else was sitting by them. It was a mess, it'd like. to scare me to death. That glass banging around. I said "Oh, the glass is. gonna fly out and blind her. And the country's gonna hate me." I'm seeming like, Aunt Beth, that I remember grandmamma. putting nuts in her cake part, but apparently she did not. It's in the icing. The icing is like a. sour, cream cheese icing, but with the flavoring. Okay, so here we go. Normally, I would cut out. parchment paper or wax paper, then I'd sit it on it and cut it out, so I'd have a piece of. paper to go in the bottom where it wouldn't stick. But I love this... release stuff. It comes in all kind of brands. Now they've got it where. they put flour in it. We grease our pans and then flour it, then put our stuff in. But since they've come out with. a baking release with flour, I just go straight to the pan. And I make sure I get. it really, really good. 'Cause there's nothing worse. There's nothing worse than baking a cake and then it don't wanna. come out of the pan. I did a show the other day. It didn't wanna come out of the pan. But I forced it to come out and play. And it looked awful. But it ate good. Didn't it ate good? Didn't it eat good? (dogs barking) We're about out of this. That's gonna be a dead man. Okay, so here we go. Hey Mikey. - [Mikey] Hey. - All right, so this is the. way I like my cake layers to be perfectly even. This is the way I do it to make sure I get it perfectly even. I use my measuring spoon. You hungry, Mikey? I think I hear the cupcakes being... Sought out. You're being very quiet. I think I'm gonna go down. to the half a cup now. 'Cause we're getting lower. and lower on our cake batter. You don't wanna know what. I'm making, Eddie, Michael? You don't wanna know what I'm making? - [Mikey] A cake. - You are so smart. - [Mikey] Why do they call it batter, they should call it gooder. - My husband is a goofball, y'all. He just said "Why do they call it batter, it should've been called gooder." All right, I'm gonna come down. to another smaller size now, because we're getting. down to the very end. I think it's gonna just. work out kind of perfect. We're gonna have to work to get that last fourth of a cup out of there. But guess what. It worked out perfect. That's a little short, but not too much. Not enough to count. I'm gonna wash my hands real quick like. And then I'm gonna show y'all what I do. (woman whispering) Oh yeah, the oven's on. Oh no, it's not on. So we're gonna have to wait a minute. Grandmother says to bake this for about 30-35 minutes on 350, and Aunt Beth said you can. use three 8 or 9 inch pans, but I remember just about. all of my grandmother's cakes was three layers. So this is what I like. to do with my cakes. I don't like those. bubbles when you cut it. You got those bubbles in the middle of it. That is so good. You can see, I don't know. if you can see, Eddie. I mean, I can see. If you get down there on it, when you drop them, see the bubbles coming up? - [Eddie] You've got every. one with earpieces in jumping out of their seat right now. - Oh, I didn't think about. the poor audio man's ears. - [Teresa] Do you do the. thing for like a Bundt cake. - I don't do it with a pound cake. Just layer cakes. Lots of air bubbles. Okay, so that's it. I'm gonna wait a minute for the oven to get to the proper temperature. And in 35 minutes,. we're gonna take it out, or maybe in 30, I don't know,. I'll just keep an eye on it. And then we're gonna let it cool, and then I'm gonna make that. wonderful, wonderful icing. Y'all, I'm so happy to be. sharing this recipe with y'all. If it hadn't been for Aunt Beth, I wouldn't be doing it. I thank you, my dear Aunt Beth. The recipe, grandma's. recipes, a lot of her recipes call for cream cheese to. make the cream cheese icing. But, I can't stand coming. up short on my frosting. So I always, rather than. just one eight ounce package, I use one and a half packages. I've got one stick of butter. And the powdered sugar,. it calls for one box of powdered sugar. But I'm gonna add probably that much more, because I just want to know. that I've got enough frosting, and I don't have to be stingy with it. I'm gonna beat our cream cheese. (mixer whirring) And our butter together, and all that needs to. be at room temperature so it will beat up easily. Just cream it together. Sometimes if I forget to take. my cream cheese or my butter out of the refrigerator, I will pop it in the microwave on defrost for just a minute,. maybe not even a minute. That works very, very well. What'd I say, Teresa, two. tablespoons of the butternut? - [Teresa] Yes ma'am. Watch out, 'cause it. turns your hand yellow. - I know (laughs). Wonder if it'll turn my mouth yellow. If I tell y'all "No, I. have not had any cake." And y'all accidentally see my tongue, you'd know I was telling a story. (mixer whirring) If y'all make this. recipe, you just determine right off the bat if you want to increase your ingredients for. the icing or frosting. - [Eddie] Is this the. color that you remember? - It's a little softer. The more powdered sugar we add,. the lighter it's gonna get. Yeah, but that's it. I'm getting flour everywhere. - [Eddie] Sugar. - Oh sugar, yes, not flour, it's sugar. I make a lot of carrot cakes, and that's from my. grandmamma Hiers's collection of cakes that she used to bake a lot. I'm like her, I like nuts in my icing. I think nuts make. everything so much better. But I will tell you this, if you put nuts in your icing, it just makes it harder to. get it smooth on your cake. If you don't wanna add it to it, you can just make this cake, you can make your icing and put it on, and then just pour your nuts on top of it if you want nuts. It just spreads so much easier if you don't put the nuts in. But I don't think I'm gonna be able to resist those nuts mixed in. I like those nuts in. between every cake layer. I think I mentioned something earlier about having your oven calibrated. You can see, I always. cook my cakes and cookies in my big convection oven. But I can't do it while I'm. filming, because it's so loud. Y'all wouldn't be able. to hear a thing we said. I have to use this oven. You can see there's a. hot spot in this oven. 'Cause see where this edge. I had these two on top, on the top rack pushed to the back to make room for that third pan. I definitely got to get these calibrated. Okay, we're about to get it. That looks like lemon. ice cream, doesn't it? I found some lemon ice cream the other day in our Publix here. - [Teresa] Did you really? - Yes, I have not seen. lemon ice cream in years. - [Teresa] Was it like a custard? - It's Bluebell, it's Bluebell, and go with me and get you some. It's in the freezer in the dining room. Go in there and try it and. tell me what you think. I was so excited. I told Aunt Peggy when. I was talking to her, 'cause she had asked me if I had ever seen lemon ice cream out there. And I had to tell her I had not. Not in years. Alrighty. Mmm, mmm, mmm. Yum yum. I know bakers, they use an off... An offsite, what am I trying to think of? - [Eddie] Spatula. - You know the knife that goes like this, and then it goes like that. It's an offset spatula, I guess. But anyway, I know that's what cake, professional cake makers. use to spread their icing, but I just can't get the. gist of that spatula. I'm putting down just. a little bit of icing so that hopefully my cake. won't move around on me. I just have to go around and check and see if I got it in the center, which I think I do. Do I nut it or do I not? I tell you, this is what I'm gonna do. - [Teresa] Put it on and. then put some nuts on top. - 'Cause see how easy that smooths. Just got to be careful. - [Teresa] Sorry, I'm. going to get the ice cream. (laughs) - Good. It actually looks like I'm frosting this cake with mustard, Eddie. Doesn't it? Can you imagine a mustard cake? I think it'll take more nuts this way. She's getting her ice cream. Now I'm gonna go get this other one that had kind of a burnt place on it. Let's see, I wanna make. sure that I put those on opposite sides. So now it looks pretty level. It's still kind of... Still kind of messed up a little bit. I remember one time I was. visiting Martha Stewart's place. I was making a cake. I said "Martha, can I ask you a question?" And she looked at me like, what is this crazy woman about to say? And she said "Well, yeah." And I said "When you're. frosting your cake, do you start on the top or. the sides of your cake?" She looked very relieved with my question. To keep my cake layers from slipping, I'm gonna add... Just three toothpicks. And you just have to warn your guest not to eat a toothpick. For the last layer, Teresa, I think I might. need some more nuts. Because it took a good bit when. you're sprinkling it on top. We got some more chopped,. or am I gonna have to... (woman muttering) Hmm? - [Teresa] Chopped extra. - Oh good, yay. Let's see, I need to find. the thick and the thin. - [Teresa] I should've known. she was gonna need more. - Thank ya, thank ya. If a recipe calls for nuts, I like lots of them. Which you can see where it would, where it would be easier. to spread without them. Now this is the way I do it. Start off by putting my frosting. on top close to the edge, and then I just bring it down. I let this part work for me. Okay friends, this is it. My grandma Hiers's butternut cake. Finished. I'm not gonna cut it, because if I cut it, I will just want to eat and eat and eat. But the inside of the. cake is the same color as this icing, because the butternut. vanilla nut butter flavoring turns it this color. Just take my word for it. It's delicious. It would make me very, very happy to know that I shared one. of my grandmother's recipes that maybe you're making out there. This is definitely love. and best dishes to you. Oh, my little grandma Hiers, she was 4'10. Little tiny thing. I don't know why I'm not just like her. Maybe I ate too many of her cakes. See you next show.