- Come join me in the kitchen today y'all because I am making my. sweet husband a treat. Michael has the biggest sweet tooth, and he loves this particular dessert. A cannoli. I'm not wild about 'em. I'm not wild about 'em. I think 'cause they're. not sweet enough for me. I'm thinking, you know, it. needs to be really really sweet, but Michael loves 'em and when we go to an Italian restaurant he always, at the end of the meal, he. has a cup of coffee espresso, double shot of espresso and a cannoli. So, I'm getting ready. to put this together, it's a simple recipe y'all. I am taking a third of. a cup of heavy cream, Okay, get every bit of. that goodness out of there, half of my powdered sugar. Oh, and I meant to tell y'all that I'm actually halfing the. original recipe cause us three, (laughs) don't need to eat. - [Theresa] We don't have discipline. - I know. - [Theresa] So we feel that we. have to eat, clear our plate. - I've been a plate. clearer all of my life. And I'll finish off my life. being a (laughs) plate cleaner. - [Theresa] We're just. minimal, minimalizing. - Yes, yes, all right. I've got my cinnamon, and I'm gonna beat this up a little bit before I add the amaretto. (mixing) Get it nice and stiff. I want to talk to y'all. about the actual cannoli. We picked these up from our Bay three that's located in our grocery store. You can go to a real bakery that deals in nothing but pastries and get it there. You can order them online. or you can make your own. I'm saying let's make. it easy on ourselves. - [Woman] And they dipped. it in chocolate already. - Yes! Yes, because my recipe tells you to dip your cannoli in. chocolate, melted chocolate. But see the grocery. stores saved us a step, and I'm a firm believer. in saving steps if you can and not compromise your recipe. (mixing) In goes the rest of our. powdered sugar and amaretto. I like amaretto. I think it's called a white Russian. (mixing) Okie dokie. That's tasting real good y'all. I wanna make sure this is nice and stiff, because you, we've got our. ricotta to fold into this, and I just don't want it running. All right, so I'm going. to take our pistachios, and I'm going to fold them. into our ricotta, or mix 'em, kind of hard to fold this, but I am going to fold this into that. (mixing) Have ya pick up this bowl so I can get a grip on this. MM, those pistachios smell. incredible, the nuttiness. I love pistachios too. Okay. So we're going to fold this in, and we want to do it kind of gentle. - [Theresa] I saw that, Eddie. - What did he do? - [Theresa] He took a little. bit of the whipped cream off of the mixer. - Okay, here we go. The last of the ricotta,. how do they say it? I know I don't say it they supposed, like a true Italian, ricotta. or something like that. It's ricotta to me. (light laughing) Okay, that ricotta is really thick, so I'm actually going to have. to give that a little stir. Folding is good, but I feel like that was very thick ricotta. Okay, so if you don't have a. piping bag, I actually have one but it's like this size,. y'all, I don't want to fool with a gallon size pastry bag. So I just took me a little plastic bag, and I nipped the corner out of it. And you don't want to put a tip in there because those, nuts the. hole has to be big enough for your nuts to go through it. 'cause the pistachios are just rough cut. So, and I've saved in my bowl. So, I've got plenty of hands. So I'm just going to fill that bag full. And after we get- - [Woman] Oh, I'm sorry,. but just to let them know about the pastry shells, you can also, the bakery will also have the larger ones. You can either get larger. ones and smaller ones, and again, we're on a diet. - Yeah. You know, I would feel better, (dogs barking) Y'all hush, I would feel. better eating two small ones. - [Theresa] I know. - Just, it's a mind trick. - [Man] Or three small ones. - Or three small ones, yes. Alright, so I'm going to shake this up Where's my hole? - [Theresa] See the sad part is- - I can't even see the hole! - [Theresa] Did you cut it? - I did, I cutted it. - [Theresa] I don't even need the shell. I could just eat the filling. - I know. All right, so here we go. I've cut my hole. And now we just gon fill, fill, fill, yum, and then when I go to serve. them, y'all, I will dust them with some extra powdered sugar. Now this is kind of soft, so, I forgot to seal ma bag up. So you will need to put. these in your refrigerator. Get that in there. - [Theresa] You could probably. make that ahead of time. Put it in your pastry bag,. and just have it ready to go. - Oh my gosh, absolutely. - [Theresa] And do 'em right before the - Yes. And then squirt 'em right before your guests arrive. I like it coming out of the end a lot you know, don't, don't gyp. me on the, on the cream. Now these will need to sit in your refrigerator for two hours because that heavy cream and ricotta needs to firm up again. And did I say, I think I. said that when I serve these, I will dust them with. extra powdered sugar. Did I say that? - [Man] Yes. - [Theresa] Do you want me. to get you a little extra? - No, 'cause these got to go. in the refrigerator, Theresa. - [Theresa] Do you really. think they're gonna make it to the refrigerator? - I don't know, I was. kinda thinking maybe, and you know what, and. I'm not throwing away this cheese mixture because. I know Michael and me, I don't know about y'all too,. but we like the inside part. - [Theresa] So yeah. - So if we feel like I've. not filled 'em properly, we have this. - [Theresa] Or you could put. a whole dollop around it, and put it in the middle, and then you have inside and outside. - Uh oh. So there we go, just that simple. The pistachios were good, over the top. Taste it, Theresa. - [Theresa] Yum. Yum. - Isn't that wonderful. - [Theresa] I said I don't need the shell. - You wanna look at- Me too! You want a lick Eddie? You know you do. There you go. There's your lollipop. So, two hours in the refrigerator, dust 'em with a little powdered sugar when you get ready to serve 'em, and people will think that. you have been working all day. So, if you've got a sweet. husband or a sweet wife, you want to fix a treat for them, this is an easy one. And Lord knows life is hard enough so there's some things we wanna easy. And fun! Love and best dishes, y'all.