- I have got such a treat for y'all today. And I hope that you're gonna appreciate it as much as I appreciated it when my grandmother Paul shared her recipe for red velvet cake with me. I've got all my stuff here but before we get started y'all, I want to just remind you to be sure and subscribe to my youtube channel and just click that. little notification bell and that way I will be. able to let you know that there's an announcement,. a video or something. So that's easy. Okay. This cake recipe calls for two eggs. So I've got them in my. bowl and I've beaten them. And now I'm going add. the sugar and beat that. And remember what I said a few. days ago, I think, you know the link to this recipe. is in the description. So if I don't tell you. exact, you can still get 'em. Okay. I've gotten our sugar and. our eggs mixed up real well. Now I'm gonna add cocoa. And the cocoa is really what sets it apart from a vanilla cake or a chocolate cake. That's what makes it a red velvet. So the recipe calls for a two ounce bottle. of red food coloring. I only have a one ounce bottle. So I'm gonna squeeze from. everything I've got in my cabinet that's red. Now. I like this food color right here. It's real strong. Just that little bit may be enough. All right, now I'm going add my two sticks of softened butter. It's funny how that little bit of cocoa, you'll be able to taste. it in the end results. (blender whirring) Whoa, slow down, Paula. Okay. In between your beatings, now, you need to scrape the sides of your bowl because you wanna make sure. everything's incorporated properly. Okay. We're on to the next step of. Grandma Paul's red velvet cake and I've got all the ingredients mixed up. And now I am gonna take my flour that I sifted and added salt to. And I have my one cup of buttermilk. So, I'm gonna alternate. these two ingredients. Always, always, start with. flour and end with flour. It just makes for a smoother cake. I'm not a scientist. I just know that to be a fact. Y'all, this is a project we've been working on. now for a good while. I am so proud to announce that we now have this pure vanilla extract in our stores. And I just love it in the brown bottle. You know, being in a brown. bottle that helps protect it from the sun and any kinda light. And that will keep it nice and strong. So this is in our stores. Where else can they find it? - [Woman] PaulaDeenshop.com - PaulaDeenshop.com. And like I said, it's in any of our, Okay. That's our vanilla. And the last step is I'm gonna add some. baking soda to my vinegar. And when that quits foaming,. I'm gonna throw it in. (blender whirring) Like I said, I'm not a scientist, but I think the vinegar. has something to do with the buttermilk. Okay, come on, get mixed up in there. Make sure it all gets in there. So if my grandma told. me to jump in a fire, I'd probably jump in a fire, ya'll. (laughing) (blender whirring) My grandmother said to. bake these cake layers in a 350 degree oven in. an eight inch cake pan. So that's what I'm using. And you can see that I. took a piece of wax paper. I laid the wax paper underneath the pan and with my scissors, I. marked the size of the circle because once you have put this much energy in making a cake, the last thing you want it to do is stick. So I'm also going to spray it with a non-stick that also has flour. And I'm gonna be using to make. sure my layers are proper, I'm going use a measuring. cup and go 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3. And then in no time. they'll be in the oven. I cannot tell a lie. I lick the bowl. That red, that red is a dead. giveaway, what you're up to. Okay. So I got them measured. out the best I could. And so I wanna ask y'all, you know, my grandmother's icing is different from most red velvet cakes. So I would love to know. about y'all, you know, what has been the norm in your family and just what you do with yours. So let me know, you know, I. always love hearing from y'all. I just love it. So all y'all have to do is. just answer me in the comments. So the cake pans go in the. 350 degree preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Okay. I baked our cakes for 20. minutes and they are perfect. If you're unsure whether. your cake is done or not, you can actually feel in the center. And when it starts. pulling away from the pan, you know it's done and see. how easy those came out because I took the time. to use the wax paper. Ooh, I'll chew that off. (laughing) So you can see, I sprayed more wax paper because when I'm ready to put. 'em together and frost them, I don't want 'em sticking. to the wax paper. So that's it. All right. So, this is where I wanna hear from y'all. Because this was my grandmother Paul's recipe for the frosting. And she's the only one that I know of that has done it this way. But just remember, if you. wanna send me your recipe, send it to Pauladean.com. Questions@pauladean.com and to remind y'all again, the link to this recipe is. gonna be in the description. You wanna make sure that. your butter and cream cheese is at room temperature. And I put my marshmallows in the microwave for about... (laughing) I should have greased my fingers first. For about 20, 22 seconds. Those marshmallows are a sticky business. (laughing) Yeah, that works a lot better. Right, so in the mixer that goes. I don't know why Grandma didn't. just use marshmallow cream. I think that might have been easy-er. Or maybe they didn't. have marshmallow cream when she started making this. The next thing to go in, now that I've got the. marshmallows, the butter, and the cream cheese smoothed out, I'm going to add one box. of confectioner sugar. I'm gonna kind of add it slowly. (blender whirring) Kenzie, would you get my. vanilla flavoring please? I forgot to. I think I put it up. Good. Thank you. You wanna put me about. a teaspoon in there? That would be great. You don't have to measure. You're just do you. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. I thought you. said you couldn't cook. That marshmallow, that melted marshmallow,. Grandmama, made this extra thick. Now I'm just gonna stir in. my coconut and my pecans. Cause I don't want the mixer. to beat those up too badly. Now I'm going to add just a. little dollop of the icing to my pan. So my cake layers won't slide around. And some people will actually slice the little top off of cakes, but not me. I'm fine with it having a rounded top. I don't wanna lose any of my cake. So down goes the first layer and I wanna make sure. it's centered in my pan really, really well (laughing) - I'm gonna be sticking. to everything, ya'll. (laughing) - Okay, y'all, I put our third. and final cake layer up here. And to me, this is the easiest. way to, to frost the cake, when you're doing a whole cake. I like to put it around. the edge of my top layer and then bring it down. Because when you have an icing like this, that's full of different ingredients, it can be hard to frost. Oh My Grandmama, after all these years, I still miss you. But I'm so glad that you filled my mind with wonderful, wonderful memories that I can keep going. back to anytime I want to and keep that part of my life alive. And I hope y'all are the same way about your mothers and. grandmothers, grandfathers. So if you wanna chat about anything if you've got a question or a recipe, all you have to do is send it. to questions@pauladeen.com. The triplets are on their way over. So I'm not gonna cut the. cake right this minute. I'm gonna watch little. Olivia lose her mind because she walks in my. door saying, I want cake. I want cake, Ginny. (laughing) - Want cake. - I know you want cake! You always want cake when. you walk in Ginny's house. You always want cake. - All I want is cake. - You wanted that cake? - I wanted that cake. I wanted this one. - What do you want, Olivia? - I want this. - You want this? When you came in, you said "Ginny I want cake." - I want a cake. - Okay. That's what you're gonna get. But Ginny has to handle the knife. - Yes. - Yes. You're not ready. to handle a knife yet. Do you know what kind of cake this is? Or do you even care? - Yes. - You do care? What Milly? Oh, she knows where I. keep the soda crackers. - Soda crackers. - Look, that cakes red. It's red baby. - That's delicious. - No idea what she said. - More cake. - More cake ?! (laughing) - We look around here. She still got this much. and already asking for mo. More cake. - It's delicious. Yeah. You'll think this is a carrot cake. When you see from the outside. It's like a carrot cake, yeah. - [Paula] Now is Claudia's grandmother and she is from Venezuela. And this is Claudia's double cousin. - [Female] Double cousin, very important. - [Paula] Elisa. - [Female] Elise, the double cousin. - [Paula] I wanna call her Elsa because that's what I hear every time from the kids. It's Elsa, Elsa, Elsa. So I'm gonna have to call you Elsa. - [Elise] I'm dying to try this. - Okay. And can I tell you something else? Oops. Excuse me. Elise. (laughing) She is a conductor. I'd never met a conductor, ya'll. She, the family, She would never tell me that but they say she's famous in Venezuela. She is the only female. conductor in her country. So she's famous and everybody knows her. And now I'm so glad I know her. - No, I'm glad to be here. It's such a great honor. - Oh honey. It's an honor to have you. - Thank you very much. - You're welcome.