- Hey, friends. Y'all come on in the kitchen because I am fixing to share a recipe with y'all that I have. had for years, and years, and years, and years. I can't remember exactly. how long it goes back. But that's the Eclair Cake. And if you like chocolate eclairs, I think you're gonna love this one. And earlier today, I made another video of one of the most incredible recipes you will ever put in your mouth. And that's Paula Dean's Family Kitchen's Ooey Gooey Butter Pancake. It's just heavenly. Did I call it by its right name? Ooey gooey, - Butter.. - Ooey Gooey Butter, Gooey. (chuckles) Ooey Gooey Butter Cake Pancakes. That's right. So if you wanna look it up, you can look that up. because it was incredible. Just please y'all look for that video and let me know what you think 'cause it's really delicious, as well as this Eclair Cake that I'm fixing to make is very delicious. So I'm gonna start and you know you can always go to the link on any of these videos to get the correct measurements 'cause I know it's hard to absorb everything and every ingredient. All right, so I've got 3 1/2 cups of milk. I've got two 3 1/2 ounce package of instant vanilla pudding mix. So I'm just gonna mix that. And it doesn't take that. long to get thick, y'all. So, easy-peasy. (mixer rattling) Now after this gets thick, we've got one more step for this, and it calls for a eight ounce container of a frozen whipped topping. And y'all know, I just, I just too much don't. use that sorta thing. I always whip my own whipping cream. I love fresh whipped cream. So that's what I've got. But if you like the taste. of the frozen toppings, by all means use it because it does make. it a little bit easier. (mixer rattling) I'm gonna turn this up a little bit. (mixer whirring) And it's starting to thicken. (mixer whirring) I don't know if y'all can see, but it's gettin' really thick. (Paula laughing) I'm gettin' it all over me. I'm gonna be very, very sweet when I get through with. this (chuckles) video. All right, we're gonna move down here. And I have my buttered 13x9x2 pan and I'm gonna layer it. with graham crackers. (crackers rattling) And this is gonna make our Eclair Cake, this part right here. (crackers crunching). (crackers rattling) And we're actually gonna. wind up with two layers of graham crackers. Okay, so, now I'm gonna take our whipped cream, or our frozen whipped topping, dessert topping, whichever you wanna use. And I think that's thick enough. Let me see, I'll have to. refer back to the recipe. It's been so, so long since I made it. Oh gosh, I bet it's. been six or seven years since I made this. Okay, so we're just gonna fold our pudding into our whipped cream. Is this yours, Theresa? I don't ever recall seeing this. It's got to be yours.. - Yes. - I like it. That's a nice measuring cup. It's light and you don't have. to worry about breaking it. - [Theresa] I know. - Okay, so we're just gonna fold that in and that fresh cream is gonna just make that instant pudding, like, velvety. It's gonna take it to another level. You won't think of it. being an instant pudding by the time we get that all folded in. Okay, so we're gonna pour a layer of this over our crackers. This is one of those great,. quick and easy desserts. You know, if you have last minute company show up, you know, you can serve 'em this and they'll just think you baked all afternoon, preparing it for them. One little scoop. Make sure we got those edges done. (water burbling) Now, we're gonna put that other layer of graham crackers on top. I think I like 'em turned that way, like, longways. (crackers crunching) So we're gonna wind up. with the last layer, being graham crackers. (crackers crunching) That one broke, but that's all right. Okay, let's slip one right in there, then right in there. Then right in there. Okay. So, another layer of pudding. So you can see, this is turning into what we think of as a chocolate eclair but where's the chocolate? Where's the chocolate, Theresa? I don't see any chocolate. (Paula laughing) - It comes next.. - I'm funnin' ya, I'm funnin' ya. I see it.. - I was gonna go, "What are you talking about?" (Paula chuckling) - [Paula] Mmm, mmm, mmm. All right, so here we go, the last layer of graham crackers and that pudding tastes. so good and so rich. Don't know where my rag went. (water burbling) Okay, the final layer. (crackers crunching) You know what? Having these (chuckles) graham crackers out there, you know what. it's made me hungry for? You wanna make a guess, Eddie? - [Eddie] I'll say s'mores. - That's exactly what. it's made me hungry for. Some s'mores. I'd love some more s'mores, please. (crackers crunching) Okey dokey. Now it is time to make the chocolate part of our Eclair Cake. (water burbling) And the chocolate ingredients for the top is 1 1/2 cups of confectionate sugar, 1/2 a cup of unsweetened cocoa, three tablespoons of butter, softened, a third of a cup of milk, two teaspoons of light corn syrup, and a couple a teaspoons. of vanilla flavoring. So we are just going to cover the cake with the frosting and refrigerate for 24 hours because we do want this to be firm enough. that we can cut it, right? And let those graham crackers, you know, soak up some of that goodness. All right, so we're gonna blend together sugar, cocoa. Then we're gonna add. the butter and our milk, and we're gonna mix that well, and then we're gonna add the corn syrup and the vanilla. And we're gonna, well, it says we don't. even have to use a mixer. It's been so long since I've made it. I don't remember. But I'm gonna go ahead and mix our two dry ingredients together. And I'm just gonna whisk that together. I wanna make sure that. my confectionate sugar and my cocoa is all incorporated very, very well. (whisk clinking) So then I'm gonna add my butter and my milk. And even though it didn't tell me to, I'm going to. (beaters rattling) I'm going to use my beaters on it, because I can trust this. (mixer whirring) Well, I can't trust my arm. if it wears out. (chuckling) So we're gonna make sure we. get this nice and creamy. (mixer whirring) So, so easy y'all. And you can always change this up with different extracts or, you know, really whatever you want. You can make it have any. flavor that you want. Now this is our two teaspoons. of white corn syrup. And now we need two teaspoons. of vanilla flavoring. That's one, two. Two healthy (chuckling) teaspoons of vanilla flavoring. I love extracts, y'all. All right, so we're just gonna beat this for a few minutes. (mixer whirring) And then we're gonna top our Eclair Cake. (mixer whirring) So we're gonna just pour this over the top of our last layer of graham crackers. This is like a frosting. to our chocolate eclair. This is a great recipe, y'all, to take to a potluck supper. Transports and eats very, very easy. So the bad part about this recipe is we got to wait 24 hours. And I don't have a backup, (chuckling) so we gonna have to wait. (chuckling) - [Theresa] It's a good. make the day before recipe. - Oh, it's perfect. (water burbling) It's perfect. Okay, so see y'all in 24. (chuckles) We are gonna pretend like. it's been 24 hours, okay? - [Theresa] Mm-hmm. - You got your fork ready? - [Theresa] I got my fork. - Okay, you get that side. and I'll get this side. - [Theresa] Okay. Oh, look at that. (Paula laughing) - I'm (indistinct) into it.. - Well, you saw how easy it was, Theresa. - My God. (Paula laughing) - I know you don't like. the dark chocolate as much, but I love dark chocolate. - Do you? - [Theresa] Mm-hmm. - Tastes like fudge on top of it, doesn't it?. - I know, mm-hmm. (Paula chuckles) - Another one of those wonderful- - Easy. - Mm-hmm. - Eddie, you're gonna like this. - Mm-hmm. (laughing) Happy Birthday, Maddie. You didn't clean out your. bite real good, Theresa. (Theresa chuckles) (water burbling) I hate it when I have to. even up everybody's cutting. (Paula chuckling) Mmm, yum-ola. - He's gonna love it. - He is gonna love it. Eddie just said, "Well, Paula, aren't you gonna say, 'Bye'?" (chuckles) Bye, y'all. A cake had me very distracted.