(bowl clatters) - Okay y'all (laughs). I just thought up something, and I hope y'all are game (laughs) with me, along with me, because it's peach season.. (bag crinkles) So I thought when I was talking with. Teresa the other day, I said what do you think we could do something different. besides peach ice cream or peach preserves or peach cobbler or, oh gosh, I would love some peach, (laughs) pies, my peach pies, my apple pie, fried, you know, fried. - Oh yeah (indistinct).. - Oh gosh. They're so good. They are so good. My grandma used to make it all the time. So I thought why can't. we make peach hoecakes and serve them with a. little peach preserve? You know,. - You'd better. - why can't we do that? - We can.. - So let's try, okay (laughs)? So y'all hang with me. Now it's so much easier to peel a peach if you drop them in boiling water, and all you want to do is. like make a little cross in the top of that peach, and we're gonna drop it. in that boiling water and leave it just a minute or two. It doesn't take but just a minute. We're gonna wait for our water to boil, and then we gonna drop. them, and that skin, because you put that notch in it, that skin kind of come,. pops up a little bit, and you just take that,. and those four notches just peel right off. Now is that a beautiful. Georgia peach or what? That is beautiful, and the. skin just slipped right off, because I dropped it. in that boiling water, you know, put that little notch in it. You know trying to come up. (knife slices) with something different for hoecakes. Now if this works, this. is gonna make a wonderful, quick, easy little. dessert for after dinner, because when we were serving. hoecakes at the restaurant, lots of people would have their hoecake with the syrup that we had on. the table for their dessert. I'm not kidding, it's that good. So I'm gonna have Teresa or whoever puts the recipe up, - [Teresa] Yeah. - but I'm only halving. it, since I don't know, if I'm, if this is gonna turn. out, but we're gonna see. But it does not tell you in my recipe, and I don't know why I didn't put that, but it calls for one. cup of self-rising flour and one cup of self-rising corn meal. But what I left out was one. little three letter word, corn meal mix. See that, corn meal mix. So that's the kind of. meal you want to use. So like I said, I've halved the recipe, and I have got, I put. two tablespoons of sugar. Now the regular hoecake recipe. calls for one tablespoon, but I've halved it, and I. added two tablespoons for this. I didn't have any buttermilk, but I just took some of. my regular sweet milk and put some vinegar in that. All right, so a third of a cup. I think it was a third,. (water runs) well, I don't know. exactly how much it was. I just looked at it and measured like half of what I thought three fourths would be. So that's the story on that. I just love experimenting, you know, and coming up with new recipes. It's just fun.. (batter mixes) And some will stick, and some won't. All right, so we've got our. milk, our corn meal mix, our self rising flour,. (egg cracks) and our sugar in here.. (batter mixes) So I don't know if I'm gonna need to add any water to that. Maybe just a little. I mean just a squirt, because I think these peaches, I'm gonna kind of just. give them a squeeze. The peaches have lots of juice in it,. (peaches squish) so we'll kind of just mash them by hand, and y'all saw the juice. coming out of them. (Paula laughs) So this will be like a. quick peek shortcake. - Yum.. - Yes. All right.. (water rushes) So I'm gonna fry these. At the restaurant, we. fried them in butter, in straight butter, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna do like half butter, and half vegetable oil. (butter bubbles) The thing about what really,. really makes a good hoecake is that you're using enough fat for it come up around that batter. You don't want it covered, but you want it to be able to come up about halfway of that hoecake, so it has something to fry in. Now that first one I put. in there just wasn't ready. Our fat just wasn't ready. So I may have to toss that one. It may be too greasy. And I'm gonna go ahead and put some paper towels on a plate, so I can drain them.. (oil bubbles) Let's see if this one's ready to flip. (spatula scrapes pan) And I believe it is Eddie. Oh, shut up Eddie, shut up. Now if this works, this is gonna be a. wonderful, quick dessert. And you want to move your pan around, 'cause you know, your pan always has, as you know, it always will cook faster in some spots depending on. what kind of heat you've got. So that outside edge, it doesn't, it doesn't cook quite as fast. That piece of peach kind. of ran away from that one. Shut up Eddie (laughs), shut up! Oh my goodness. And aren't we lucky that. I cooked three hoecakes? 'Cause there's 1, 2, 3 of us. How about a scoop of. vanilla ice cream on this? Boing (laughs). Wouldn't that be good? And then top it with some. warm peach preserves, you know, just put your peach. preserves in the microwave and just eat it up, spoon that on top. Oh, folks will think you've been working all day long in that kitchen. All right, I'm gonna turn this off. I know I got still more batter to make, but we gonna stop this foolishness, and we gonna taste (laughs). Y'all ready? So we're gonna have to decide what kind of topping. If y'all would like vanilla ice cream, I've got that if you want. to try that on the side. But let's just see what we got, and I'm gonna be very honest. If it's not good,. - Where's the butter? - oh, you won't more butter? Okay (laughs). I'm gonna be real honest if it's not good. - [Teresa] Do you want. a little bit of that? You know you do.. - I'll take a little. (knife slices) That's still real hard Teresa. - [Teresa] I know, I was. thinking the same thing. - So if it's not worth the effort, I'm gonna tell y'all the truth. - [Teresa] Worth the effort? (Paula mumbles) Which means you could. probably do other things, like you could do blueberries. There's something about this with the peach.. - It is something about the peach. Now I don't carry, we don't. carry blueberry preserves in any of our stores,. - That's true. - but we do carry this. wonderful peach preserve. - [Teresa] And it goes really. well with the cornmeal. - Yes. - [Teresa] I don't know that. every fruit would do that. - No, but definitely a peach. I mean I would put this in a pretty little glass dish and scoop up. - Yeah. - a small scoop of. vanilla ice cream on it, and then put my warmed up. peach preserves on top, and it's gonna look like. you worked for a long time. Oops, and you could make. these earlier in the day and then heat them up in your air fryer. And they'll be just like. you just cooked them. - [Teresa] Eddie wants you to. wrap it up so he can finish. - Okay.. (Teresa laughs) I do hope y'all will try them, because they're out of this world. I'm gonna eat the whole thing. (Paula sighs) (indistinct) best dishes y'all.