- Happy Valentine's Day y'all. I have got the best treat for y'all. I have got a friend on the phone with me and we're going to be chatting with her because I'm wanting to know how she does this crazy fad with cocoa bombs. Well, I've got Terry on. the phone with me, y'all. See, there's Terry - Hi.. - Hey Terry. - Good morning Terry. - Good morning. - I am so glad to be. chatting with you, honey. And I want to give everybody. just a little background on how you and I met. You look pretty this morning. Well, anyway, I first met Terry, my first remembrance, 'cause. I meet a lot of people y'all, was at Lake Oconee, you know,. my best friend, Bubbles, Susan Green, we were. having a Bag Lady event, my charity, The Bag Lady. We will have an event at Lake Oconee and Susan, did Susan, oh no, no, no. That's the first time, I really, really really remember, but Terry tell everybody, or Teresa Ann. - My name is Paula Ann. So Theresa Ann, so tell. everybody how we first met. - Paula we first met in 2013. I was invited to a. Christmas cooking school at your lovely home in Savannah, and it was a dream come true. And so we drove from West. Virginia all the way down. There was about 40 of us attending the Christmas Cooking School. And I was just so excited. and got to meet you and got to spend time with you and at that event, one of the little competitions. you had for everyone was that they had to, we had to come up with. kind of like a competition baked idea, which had to be. made with crescent rolls. And the idea was that. we would make a wreath. And I decided I was going. to make a Santa Claus. And it was so funny because. everyone in the room could not figure out what. in the world I was doing. And I knew that if that was. only time I ever baked for you, then by golly, I was. going out with a bang. And I won. - [Paula] And you told me that. you felt a connection to me because you had, our. stories were so similar. - They absolutely are. and you know, I was sharing with you, I've told this story so many times, but sadly you and I share a connection in the fact that our parents. both died when we were younger. My mother died when I was 14. and my dad died 15 months later when I was 15. And we sadly share that, also you have two sons and. I have three of my own. And you were divorced and I was divorced and we have a lot of things in common. - As I said y'all,. today's show is all about Valentine's Day and showing your loved one how much you love them. And I'm here with Terry Blevins from her bakery, Little. Bits Of Heaven Cupcakes, but she does so much more y'all. So I've got a little tape. of Terry actually making her cocoa bombs. So we're gonna roll that for y'all and she made it look very, very easy. So here we go. - So we're going to. need a couple of things to get started with and. use what you can find. You can find hot cocoa molds online pretty much just about anywhere now. The size that we're using. today is a 70 millimeter hot cocoa bomb. So that's going to give. us a really nice sphere. It's going to just fit. into your coffee mug. And it's going to be big enough that you feel like you're doing. something really decadent. And of course you are. So to get started, I've got two that are each. six count of our sphere molds. These are made out of silicone. so they can handle the heat of the melted chocolate just fine. I've actually got some chocolate. that I have melted here. And what that is today,. I'm just using Almond Bark. Now you can use just about. anything that you want to, if you want to use a. higher grade of chocolate, we certainly do sometimes, you just have to temper it and tempering just means bringing it up to a certain temperature. letting it cool down, and then you get to use it again. The main reason why I decided. to use Almond Bark today is just because you don't. have to go through all that. It still tastes really nice. You can get it in white chocolate. You can get it in regular chocolate. Today, we're going to be. using regular chocolate and I've just cut it up into chunks. I put it in this Pyrex glass. bowl, put it in the microwave. I usually melt chocolate,. at kind of like half power. So 50%. if I'm doing a really big. bowl I might even do like eight minutes at 50% power and I'm stirring every. two or three minutes. And then you end up with this lovely just fabulous bowl of melted chocolate. So let's go ahead and get started. I have got my melted chocolate. and I've got a tablespoon. So as hot cocoa bombs. have become more popular, lots more ways to do this. And you certainly may have, you know, your own way of what you're. more comfortable with. That is perfectly fine. What I have found, however,. is that here in the bakery, we have several sets of measuring spoons and I use some for some. things and some for others, but this measuring spoon, we're going to be using. a tablespoon today, and this one is a cup. I mean, it really is, it's not. a flat, it's more of a cup. And what I've found is. that it's more similar to the actual cup, I don't know if you can. see that, of the mold. So it works really well. And so with our melted chocolate I'm gonna move this over a little bit. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to go through and we're going to add one. tablespoon of melted chocolate to each one of these molds. You don't have to worry about. doing anything with it yet. We can literally do six of these. And if your chocolate is melted enough, it's going to work just fine. So don't worry about that. So we're going to start, I am super messy, I don't know if you guys are. I try to be neat in the. kitchen, but oh my goodness, I'm dragging chocolate everywhere. So don't feel bad if you do. that, it's perfectly fine. Maybe y'all have somebody nice enough to clean up after you,. wouldn't that be fabulous? Okay, so I've got chocolate. in all six of my molds and here's what you're going to do. You're going to take the. bowl part of the tablespoon, and you're just going to. kind of press down in here and you're going to just. smooth that chocolate up on the sides. I don't know if you guys can see that. And so you're just going to go through. This is just the first coat. So we're going to do. two coats of chocolate. I've learned the hard way. If you don't do two coats, you go to try to pop that. thing out of the mold and guess what, jokes on you, it's not going to work out very well. So we're just kind of. gently moving the chocolate up the side. And you want to make sure guys that you are bringing your chocolate all the way up to this lip. That's going to be the weak. spot in your hot cocoa bomb so you want to make. sure that you're pulling that chocolate all the. way up to the sides. So we're going to pop this in the freezer and I'll be right back. And I'm back. And we've gotten the. first layer of chocolate in the show molds out of the freeze, only takes like five or six minutes. So it doesn't take long at all. So we're going to go back to our chocolate but this time we're going to. do it a little bit differently, because now there is a cold surface that we're applying chocolate to, which means that you can't do six and then try to go back to it. So these, I just do one at a time. And so that's what we're going to do. So we're going to start. with kind of a flat scoop of our tablespoon. We're going to pour it right in the center and then quickly we're going. to do the exact same motion over again. We are bringing that melted. chocolate up the wall, to the edge. And then we're going to. do the exact same thing with all of the others. You want to make sure that you have an even layer of. chocolate going up the sides because when you go to actually put the hot cocoa bomb together, if the chocolate isn't even, then you might just put. your finger through it. And we don't want you to do that. We are setting you up for success. Perfect. Okay, I'm going to pop. this in the freezer again, another five or six minutes and then we'll be ready to assemble our hot cocoa bombs. All right, so our second coating of. chocolate is now completely firm. And now comes the really fun part. My staff will tell you that this is a very satisfying process and they love when we're. making hot cocoa bombs and they get to help me unmold them. It seems kind of nerve wracking, but I promise you if you do. the two coats of chocolate, if you make sure that you've got it going up the sides evenly it's going to be just. fine, I promise you it is. So what you're going to do is you're going to take your mold. You're going to start at the edge and you're just going to kind. of pull the silicone away. And as you do that, you're. going to have your fingers underneath the cup right here. And you're just going. to pop it out like that. It's so simple. I have got a few different things here that I'm going to move over. I've got hot cocoa, I've got marshmallows, I've actually got chocolate chips. I've got little dehydrated. chocolate marshmallows. The first flavor that we're going to make is actually death by chocolate. We make death by chocolate cupcakes here and I just feel like if. you're going to go chocolate, you might as well just go all the way. So I don't want you to be. intimidated by this process. But there's a couple of things you want to make sure that you have. One of them is, I have a ceramic plate and that plate has actually. been heated in the microwave, just like this. So put it in the microwave, you're not trying to burn yourself. You just want this to be warm because this is what's going to help you create the seal that will hold. your hot cocoa bomb together. So I've put it in our. microwave for about 45 seconds. Our microwave is kind of. nuclear powered, it's crazy. So you might need a little bit longer. So what you're looking. for is just not hot enough to burn yourself, but just. warm all the way through. And that's what you're looking for. So use your microwave as you know best. So we're going to take one of our spheres. And as you can probably tell there's just a little rough. edge or anything on here. They're not perfect yet,. but they're going to be, and we're going to take. it and turn it upside down on our warm plate. And we're just going to start turning. And as we turn, the warmth of the plate is actually melting. that edge of chocolate, you don't have to push, just turn. And now we have this. beautiful melted edge. So this is what's going to help us create our beautiful hot cocoa bomb. Now you have to move kind of quickly. The biggest thing to remember is that you have to melt every edge, okay? So you can't just do the top. and then not do the bottom. You have to do all of them. We're using a heaping. tablespoon of ridiculously good hot cocoa. And I'm going to add that. directly into the shell that I just made. I'm going to add some. regular marshmallows. I'm going to add some dehydrated. chocolate marshmallows. I'm gonna add some chocolate chips. How full does this thing need to be? Ah, you know? You don't want it overflowing, but it's fine that it's coming. up a little bit over the cup. I actually have a bag. of chocolate ganache. Chocolate ganache is something we use here at the bakery a lot. It's basically just really good chocolate that is stirred into heated, heavy cream. You don't have to use that. You can literally just use. a really good fudge sauce that you like. And I'm adding chocolate. ganache to my bottom. That's the last thing. I'm going to put in here. Then I'm going to take my top,. and again, I'm just turning, you don't have to go all. He-Man on it, just be gentle. And now we have our second edge. So super important, here's. what we're going to do. We're taking that top edge. and we're lining it up with our bottom edge. And then we're just kind. of taking our finger and gently going around. Now, look, you've got a. little bit of melted chocolate on your plate. Just use that if you need. to, it's perfectly fine. And this is our sealed hot cocoa bomb. There you go. I'm going to straighten. up this edge a little bit. Absolutely use that. melted chocolate to create that smooth and pretty edge. And there you go, so that. is your death by chocolate hot cocoa bomb. So the next one I'm going to make for you is actually my salted. caramel hot cocoa bomb. It's probably one of. my personal favorites. It's definitely one of my kids' favorites. They are big fans of these. So again, we've got our heated plate, just making sure it's not super hot. If it's too hot guys when you're holding your. hot cocoa bomb shell, and you're trying to turn it, you're literally just going. to be melting chocolate everywhere. That's when you know it's too hot. So just take it away, let the plate sit there. for a minute or so. It'll cool off faster than you think. And then you can go ahead. and get started again. So I'm just going to go. ahead and turn that edge. Just melting that chocolate. I've got salted caramel hot cocoa. Yes I did. We're putting salted. caramel hot cocoa in this. As far as how many marshmallows,. I like marshmallows. So I try to probably. put about eight or so, just, you know as many as you want. I've got some little caramel bits which I think are super fun that we're going to put. right on top of there. And then the last thing we're going to put in the salted caramel is salted caramel. Now, you gotta be careful with this. It adds an amazing finish. to your hot cocoa bomb if you're making this. flavor, but it's warm, so when you pour it, you want to pour it directly. on top of the caramel bits and the marshmallows. If you go a little bit too. far to the left to the right, well, it's going to go right. through your chocolate shell. So you don't want to do that. I learned this the hard way. So just literally putting. a little bit right there, right on top. Just to say hello, just to say I'm here, that's all you're doing. We're going to go ahead and turn our top to get that all nice and melty and then we're gonna put it right on top. Now listen, if you put your top on and you realize it's crooked,. you realize it's wonky, that's okay, it happens. So depending on how quickly. you figure this out, you do have a few seconds. where you can maneuver it to the left or the right. If not, melt some chocolate,. put it in as a block bag, cut a little hole in it go back around the outside. of it once it's cool, it's fine, I promise it's fine. That's it for our salted caramel. So we're going to decorate. our death by chocolate hot cocoa bombs first. And so all I've done is I have melted some. chocolate in a Ziploc bag. And the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to drizzle our chocolate over the top of the surface. Then we're going to add. mini chocolate chips. And then we're also going. to do chocolate sprinkles because why not? So I've got everything. kind of within reach for me so that I don't have to. try to grab for things. This chocolate will. harden kind of quickly. So don't wait a few minutes because nothing will. stick to it after that. So literally just going back and forth, I love making these lines,. they just make me happy. We're going to sprinkle a few. just mini chocolate chips. And then we're just going to. do some chocolate sprinkles. How fun is that? So we finished up our death. by chocolate hot cocoa bombs. And now we're going to do the garnish on the salted caramel hot cocoa bombs. I actually have salted. caramel chocolate in my hand, which yes, it does exist. And yes, you can find it. Does that mean that you have to do that? Of course not, of course not, what you do, what you can find, you do, what you have access to, you do, what you and your family or. your friends fall in love with. And that's all that matters. But if you have access to it, they do make salted caramel chocolate, it's actually quite delicious. So for the salted caramel hot cocoa bombs, here's what we're going to do. I've got my melted salted. caramel chocolate in my hand. I've also got some flaked sea salt. Now again, you don't have. to use flaked sea salt. If you've never used it, it is a mild salt, it has. wonderful flavor to it, it has a beautiful presentation, which is why I like to use it. And it's great to finish things with. So just gonna go back and forth. You can actually see the. little flakes of salt in this caramel. And then I reach into my little box here, and we're just going to. put a sprinkling on top. Isn't that pretty? So now we're going to move on into some heart-shaped hot cocoa bombs, and these are a little trickier,. it's okay, you got this, I believe in you. But we're going to do the technique a little bit differently. So we've got some heart shaped molds. These have a little geometric. pattern on the top of them, which really is cool. once they get unmolded. And the first thing I'm going to do is I have got some luster dust. So because they're Valentine's Day, we want them to be even more special than they normally would be. We're actually making two different types of Valentine hot cocoa bombs today, we are making a very kid. friendly, family friendly version of chocolate dipped strawberry. And then we're also going to. be doing a grownup version of chocolate dipped. strawberry, ages 21 and up, but they're going to be super fun. I feel like we all need a little. extra something right now. So for those of you who do,. those are going to be for you. So this is just edible. glitter, edible luster dust, whatever you want to call it. So we're going to do. these a little different and we're just going to start. and you can see the glitter is coming out. This is going to look so cool once our chocolate gets on there. Sometimes it gets a little stuck so you gotta tap it. I told my assistant today that when I die and they do an autopsy they're going to discover that my lungs were full of sugar, flour and glitter, because that's what we got going on. All right, so for our other ones, we are actually going to do gold because I thought those. would be super pretty. So we are going to start. with our pastry brush. We are still going to be. doing two layers of chocolate in each of these shells. It's just, we're going to. do it like we're painting. So how fun is that? So you're going to move your shells as close as you can to your chocolate, because obviously you don't. want to drag it everywhere. So I'm just going to dip my. brush in the melted chocolate. And I'm literally just. going to start painting and you can add, you know, you can be generous with. the amount of chocolate that you're putting in there. And when you're using this brush, the great thing about it is that you're going to be able. to get in all these nooks and crannies. These particular heart shaped molds have kind of a geometric face to them, a geometric pattern to them. And because of that they have just all kinds of little angles. So you don't even have to worry so much about painting per se, you. know, with exact paint strokes, you literally can just dab. the chocolate with your brush. And you just want to make. sure that you bring those up the sides just like you did before. Try not to have any bare spots. If you do, if you realize. after you've done this that you got some bare spots, it's fine. Just go back through with your brush and your melted chocolate. and cover them up. It's not a problem. All right. So one of the challenges. when you're doing this is not having so much chocolate that you've over done yourself. You want to leave room. inside the chocolate shell for all the goodies that. we're going to put in there. So we are going to take these, we're going to pop them in the freezer, maybe five minutes or so, and then we're going to get them back. So I am almost done with. this second coat of chocolate and I know the edges are a. little messy that's fine. Once we pop these out and. we heat those edges up to attach our top and. bottom halves to each other, those messy edges will be all cleaned up. And they're ready for the freezer. So I have unmolded our. hearts and they're beautiful. So we're going to go. ahead and start assembling these heart shaped. chocolate dipped strawberry hot cocoa bombs for Valentine's day. So I've got our bottom right here. I've got my warm plate, gonna go ahead, just melt that chocolate a. little bit to smooth that edge. Remember when you get to this part, you got to move a little quick. So we're going to do a. table, sorry, teaspoon of chocolate hot cocoa. We are going to do a teaspoon. of strawberry hot cocoa. We're going to do some. dehydrated marshmallows, chocolate heart. Some dehydrated marshmallows, 'cause chocolate and. strawberry is super fun. We're going to do some sprinkles. A little more marshmallows. never hurt anybody. All right, we're going to take our lid. Same thing, remember guys,. you don't want to push down. You just kind of want to. guide it over the top lip. Then you want to take your. finger, take it along the edge. Now take your melted chocolate. right around your edge. Take a little bit of this. If you have a little bloop, no worries. All right, and there we go, a beautiful heart shaped hot cocoa bomb. I'm going to go ahead and do the next one. All right, so we're going. to do the grownup version. So we have our bottom that. has our beautiful gold shimmer on it. Also going to do teaspoon of chocolate, Hot cocoa powder, a teaspoon of strawberry hot cocoa powder. I have some strawberry. white chocolate truffles that I have cut just in half. to help them fit inside here, that are ridiculously good. I also, here's the grownup part, so I also have made a chocolate ganache and this chocolate ganache. has strawberry cream liqueur. It also has dark chocolate. mocha liqueur in the ganache and that's gonna go in the hot cocoa bomb. So we're going to go ahead and we're just going to. squeeze all that gloriousness over there. We're going to put some marshmallows and we're going to put some sprinkles 'cause grownups need sprinkles too. We're gonna do our lid Take our finger, go around that edge. And so for this ganache,. the recipe for that is you can literally just. take one cup of heavy cream, keep that in the microwave. until it just starts to simmer. You can take about one. cup or so of chocolate. And you're going to whisk. that into the heavy cream until it melts and then. you will add one cap of each of the liqueurs. So whatever liqueur you love, that's the liqueur you add. It doesn't have to be the ones that I did. I just wanted to do a chocolate. dipped strawberry theme. So with these heart shapes, they're a little more persnickety. So you may have to go along your edge just like I'm doing, to make. sure that they're sealed. Now we get to decorate them. All right, so this is our. family-friendly hot cocoa bombs. You guys can see, I've got. several different things, again, we're going to have everything that we want to decorate with. So I've got some very bright. pink melted chocolate. I've got conversation hearts. I've got more sprinkles than. anyone on one planet needs. That's okay. So we're going to go. ahead and decorate these. We're going to have a. little bit of fun with this. So you can go all the way back and forth like we did for the. sphere hot cocoa bombs. I'm just going to do them. a little bit differently. So I'm going to just do one side. So I'm going to kind. of start at the middle, isn't that pretty? Okay, so we've got our chocolate. Now we're going to take some. of our conversation hearts, put those on there. We're going to take some of our sprinkles, put those on there. How fun is that? Who would not love to get. one of these beautiful hot cocoa bombs for Valentine's day? So now we're going to do. our grownup hot cocoa bombs. So I've got a paler pink. chocolate in my hand, it's actually a strawberry. flavored chocolate, it's pretty readily available. at all of those craft stores we talked about earlier. I've got some different sprinkles now that have some gold in them, just 'cause I thought they. would be pretty with this. So we are just going to go. back and forth this one, and I'm going to go ahead and. go across the entire surface. And we are going to sprinkle. Look how pretty that is. All right so the last. thing we're going to do is I'm going to take our shimmer again and I'm just going to add a. little bit more to the top because quite frankly, everything in life could. use a little more sparkle. I'm gonna take our red. and I'm going to go over these one more time and there you have it. So I have one more trick up my sleeve that I'm going to share with you guys. So I'm gonna move these over a second. So I have just a heat proof coffee mug. This is actually one of. the bakery's coffee mugs that we have here because. everything here is pink. And so here's what we're going to do. I have melted some of. our white Almond Bark. So I'm going to actually dip the very top of our mug. in our white chocolate and we're going to put it. in Valentine's sprinkles. What a beautiful presentation for your Valentine hot cocoa bombs. So we're going to go ahead and just dip about the top quarter. inch or so just like that. Shake off the excess a. little bit, see what you got. And then I've got a. plate full of super fun Valentine sprinkles, and you can go around the edge. and just kind of move that up so that it sticks to your chocolate. Feel free to turn your cup 'cause your sprinkles will always settle in one place or another. This is a great activity for kids to do. It's so fun for them. The chocolate just acts like glue. Seriously, how adorable is that? I hope you all had a great time joining me and learning how to make hot cocoa bombs. I hope you take what you've learned, you spend some time with. your friends and your family and you come up with your. own versions of these. Happy Valentine's Day. Thanks so much for joining me. - Now, Terry tells me that her. favorite is a salted caramel and look how pretty, I mean, you just know that. there's something special inside of it. Look at that, all right,. so y'all watched the magic. Can you see it, Terry? - [Terry] I can, yes I can. - Okay, I want to make sure. you can see your beautiful work - [Terry] I can, I'm excited. - Oh look, there he is. There he goes. - [Terry] And you just. stir all that goodness into your milk and it'll all melt. And that's gonna be an. amazing cup of hot cocoa. - Well, I have enjoyed. reconnecting with you Terry this morning and people are. just gonna love this video, watching you make these cocoa bombs. And I thank you so much, and I know you're busy as a cat covering up there in your bakery. So I'm going to let you go so you can go make you some money, honey. - I'm gonna go frost some cakes, thank you so much for having me Paula. A lot of love to you all. - Thank you and back at you girl. - Thank you dear. - Bye-bye. - [Terry] Bye.