- Butter, y'all. But guess what? In this Halloween recipe, there's no butter, but there's some other. good stuff in it y'all. am gonna show you my version. of the ghoulish eyeballs and kids love them. So it's a super simple recipe y'all. You start with a red velvet cake mix and you cook it by the recipe. And now we're just going. to take that cake out, and we just used a one layer, a nine inch layer, and I'm going to crumble the cake up. That smells so good taste good too. Alright, now I'm gonna add, looks like a half a cup. - [lady] It's really the half of Can. It's a full can and the recipe-- - Okay this is a half a can of pre made cream cheese icing. - [Theresa] And it's good too. - It is good. for store bought. (laughs) If you're looking for a. quick sugar rush, Alright. And then I tell you to. just take your mixer, And I like just using my. little hand mixer for this. And just incorporate that icing y'all All through that cake. And longest and hardest part about this recipe is once. we get this mixed up, we are gonna have to put it in a freezer and let it sit. For three hours. Because its got to get really good and hard. And I cant wait to give. these to my grandchildren All of my grandchildren one of the ones that were old enough, they love Halloween but I'll tell you what John Reed, one of the middle boys, he adores Halloween. He likes it better than. Christmas aint that crazy. He just lives for one. Halloween after the other he loves dressing up and. pretending like he's a superpower. (laughs) He's so cute. Okaydoke. We've got this good and mixed up y'all and the hardest part about this recipe is putting it in the freezer for three hours and. letting it get real hard. And then this time, I think I'm going to put. them on a sucker stick, but you see if we try to do it now see that so soft that I never get a round ball out of that. So in the freezer it goes. And I can't wait to give these to my the little one, this Halloween. So I'll see y'all in three hours. Okeydoke, buddies This has been in the. freezer for three hours and it's nice and cold. So look at the red food coloring. I wonder if this is going to wash out. Look, I don't know if it will, but I don't care. - [Lady] We'll red is happy colors. - Yeah it is a happy color I guess fire. - [Lady] No orange is fire, red is a bit smile - Right? You're exactly right Theresa. Good point. (birds chirping) So You can make these eye. balls any size you want. And I'm making them about the size I think a real eye ball would be, but I have to tell you I've never taken my. eyeball out to check it. (laughs) Have y'all. That's a big eyeball right there. So the fact that you. don't have to bake this or do anything with it, but just stick those sticks in it. But after we make them into balls, we do have to stick them. back in the refrigerator for another hour. The refrigerator or the freezer? - [Theresa] freezer. - Okay. Back in the freezer. Okay. And then we'll put our sticks in and we're gonna melt our chocolate, and we go meltdown white chocolate. Then we'll show you a. couple of things you can use by the pupil of these ghoulish eyeballs. Okay. So melted I our white chocolate, and I'm taking my stick and dipping it into the melted chocolate. And that will help that eyeball, kinda hold onto that gooey center. Look at that one. - [Theresa] And you just. melted the chocolate right In the microwave? - Yeah right in the microwave. - [Theresa] And you. didn't add anything to it? - Nope. And now we're using red M&M'S. And. (birds chirping) Sorry I got to pause for. a finger lick on this. (laughs) And if our chocolate gets too thick I'll just run it one more. time back into the microwave. EyeBall's. - [Theresa] That eyeball are. important so that gonna stick - yes - [Theresa] The chocolate. will stick you won't - Yes, Theresa so smart.. (laughs) (laughs). - This is only because - You've never had children. - [Theresa] I know. - so you've never had to do this - [Theresa] I know. - But still You just got. to get good with you. - [Theresa] I have got. to prepared with you - You got good instincts. And plus, before she joined our family, she was a member of the Walt Disney family. So she had great skills. when she joined us. - [Theresa] Look how good that looks - I know I want some. Okay you know what Theresa this balls. I don't think we left them in. the freezer quite long enough. Because they're soft, they're really soft. (birds chirping) Okay. So why don't we do a couple of more, and then take a break because. these got to sit in the refrigerator one more time anyway. - [Theresa] They seem like. they're really hard to make and they're not. It's just the amount of time that they have to harden up. - Having an extra set of hands is nice. Okay. Cause see how I soft this already getting so we're going to have to no, it's so cute. We're going to have to stick. this back in the microwave this back in the fridge. And then we'll finish out, making up the palette. like a bloodshot eye. (laughs) Okay y'all so I've been. working away at this. I dipped them when you saw me last, I dipped them in the white chocolate, and I don't have any gel food coloring, which is exactly what we needed. So this we're having. trouble getting it to stick. So I'm just coming in there, with some red glitter. To stick to our drops of food coloring, and look at these precious eyeballs look. (laughs) the better to see you my dear. (laughs) Aint that cute but sometimes I have made them in the. past without the sticks. So I highly recommend. using the sticks y'all. Because it's just easier to handle. All right. So, you know do do this any way you want, any way you wanna do it. Just so they'll look bloodshot, and because it's running off and I don't have the gel, I'm just sprinkling it with this. So where there's a will, there's a way. (laughs) Wait. (laughs) do you know who this is? Can you tell who I am? (laughs) - [Theresa] The voice gave it away. - You know what? I kind of like Halloween to myself. So I think your children. will have so much fun getting in the kitchen with you. And do whatever works for you. You don't have to use. a red velvet cake mix. You can use any flavor that you like. And it'll turn out just delicious. But I would highly recommend the gel. (laughs) And not this because it. didn't want to stick. (birds chirping) And you know every time I do something. y'all I do it different. So no rules. That's right (birds chirping) I think its cute as can be. well Kitties and mommas and daddy's. I hope you have a wonderful thanks. Why am I rushing Thanksgiving? So this is twice. Now I've called a Halloween Thanksgiving or they are very close together though. Aren't they? And when October gets here when Halloween gets here to me, Christmas is here. So I hope you have a wonderful Christmas. Listen to me now.. (laughs) Hope y'all have a wonderful Halloween. Seeing what you can do. (laughs)