- Y'all know how much I. love hearing from y'all. I enjoy reading your. notes and your recipes that you send me. I think it's so important. that we not let go of those recipes that our. mothers and grandmothers made for us, that we love so dearly. So it just thrills me, every time I get a note from somebody. out there that says, this is what I've been making. for years and it's so good. Well, what night was it? Saturday night, Michael was at work. I was here by myself, and I wanted something sweet so bad, and I didn't have anything sweet, which is unusual in this house. So, I went in the office and. started going through the mail that I have gotten, from, my, for lack of a better word fans. I like to think of y'all. is friends, myself. And these are, so I ran up on some mail, that, I got right before we packed up to move back in this house. So I just hadn't gotten. around to making it, but I came up on, this note and, the recipe was. melting moments cookies, melting moments cookies. I said that is for me. And I read the ingredients. I said, dad gum, this is so easy. So, Rosemary Brewington, I don't know, I think I. ate six of these cookies. - [Eddie] I mean really the. title describes it perfectly. I mean those things definitely just melt. - They melt in, - [Michael] And you do have a moment. - your mouth. And like I said, I think I ate six of them, Eddie. I was by myself. Nobody was here to count on 'em. (laughing) - [Eddie] Actually, I. was kinda of surprised. I was like, just tell. me, how many did she make cause there was only like three or four under the cake dome this morning. I don't know. - Well, Michael, if I put things out like that with glass and Michael Gruber can see it, and I can see it, it is not hidden too well from us. All right, but here's what she says, Paula, I am 65 years old and. I have been cooking these since I was 12, mainly Southern cooking. And I have been cooking since I was 12, mainly Southern cooking. I have saved all of your recipes to cook something different. God bless you and your family, Rosemary Brewington Atlka, Tennessee. A-T-L-K-A, Atlka. Wouldn't that be pronounced. Attica, Tennessee. So I receive this, the envelope is postmarked August, of 21. So, Rosemary actually sent me, three or four recipes. She sent me a recipe for prune cake. Now I used to have a prune. cake and it was so good. Kind of like the fig cake. And she sent me a frozen. cranberry salad recipe, and, she sent me a recipe for cashew pralines. It sounds awfully good. But the one that caught my eye was these melting moment cookies. Rosemary, your so stinking good. They don't make very many though. (laughing) They melted almost, before anybody could get any. So I want to share Rosemary. Brewington's recipe for melting moments cookies. And when I tell you it's easier, so easy. The other night, when I went to make them, I couldn't believe I. was out of corn starch, but I was, and so I started doing some research, to see what I could. substitute corn starch with. Well, as it turns out, you. can use just plain old flour, but if a recipe calls for two. tablespoons of corn starch, then you, no, if the recipe calls for, yeah,. two teaspoons of corn starch and you gotta substitute with flour you would put four teaspoons of flour, because, corn starch is, more potent, than regular flour. So I did and like I said, I certainly wouldn't throw. them in the trashcan. I thought they were delicious. So, I'm really anxious now to, make a batch using a corn starch. Oh, and I've got something right here. Now Eddie, do we know who sent this? Oh, yeah. Oh oh, got some butter on that. Oh, Joey, that's not her name. Her name is Stephanie Morris. from Henderson, Kentucky. She says, dear Paula, I've so enjoyed watching. your YouTube videos every time you said, no butt shots Eddie. I cracked up and I thought. that saying should be on a tea towel so I made you one. When I lean over to put. something in the oven, I was so afraid Eddie was. gonna take a butt shot, cause' it ain't putting no mower. So Stephanie, this is precious. This is precious. And I love an old flour. sack tea towel so much. No butt shot Eddie. - [Eddie] She did, true of this one, hanging besides the stove in there. There's one more that she did. - And so she did that when Baking Day. - Yeah. - Oh, it's so cute. Bring it in here Teresa. It's hanging on the side of the oven. - Yeah, right there. - [Teresa] Oh, wow. Ain't that adorable. - [Teresa] That is adorable. Stephanie, I used to do,. so today is Baking Day. How about that? - [Teresa] So Baking. Day No Butt Shots Eddie. - And that's my motto for the day. (laughing) Stephanie, this is darling. I used to do things like this years ago, but, oh look, we've got something on it. We've been using it, Stephanie. All right. So let's move on to Rosemary's. melt in your mouth cookies. So I've got, and did I. say thank you, Stephanie. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you. I love them, y'all are so sweet out layer. All right, so I've got one cup of butter that's been softened, a fourth of a cup of corn starch. And let's see, I believe that's. a corn starch, right Teresa? - [Teresa] Yes Ma'am. - And a third of a cup of powdered sugar. - [Teresa] would be the other small one. - The fourth, looks larger. than the third, doesn't it? Oh well. - [Teresa] I promise you I measure. - This is the largest one. The third is the largest one. So I may have set it back. Okay, in goes the corn starch. In goes the powdered sugar. And, then Rosemary said. to slowly add the flour. (mixer humming) The other night when I made 'em, Michael burned up my little hand mixer making twice baked potatoes for Christmas. Cause it was so many potatoes, cause we had to fix it for like 40 people. And, it was burned it right on up. - [Eddie] It used to. be used, the egg mixer. - I know, I know, but, working with Michael, I don't know. I don't know if they've. been so easy, to accomplish. All right, so I'm gon' add. a couple of tablespoons of flour at the same time. So, Rosemary, I made them just by the. recipe Saturday night, except for having to. substitute the corn starch. But, I kept thinking, now these, the little drop, the little. frosting that you put in. It's like a thumbprint cookie. Y'all you make your thumb print, then after they come out of the oven, you drop the frosting, in the center. And, I thought, oh my gosh, this would be so good with,. maybe almond flavoring or an orange flavoring. So, I'm not gonna play. around with the cookie because it's just wonderfully, melt in your mouth short made cookie. So, I'm not gon change that but I do think that I'm gon' play. around with the frosting we gon' drop in the center. And so, I'm debating, orange, almond, coconut, I mean, anything that you got. laboring for, you can use. I don't know if I even finished. telling y'all a minute ago that my mixer was burned up by Michael. So I just mix this with, with. my, by hand, with a fork. Cause your butter is so soft, that you can truly just stir it together. All right, so Rosemary said to, drop this by the teaspoon fulls, and that very first one, I didn't, that's not big enough to suit me. So did those look like. the same size again? - [Eddie] Yeah. - So this is my powdered sugar, and, this is what I'm used. to make, the frosting. But right now I'm gon'. use it, to wet my cookies. Because if I didn't use flour or powdered sugar, it would all stick to my hands. So, to me, this is the best way to, get your indention done. See how good that works. There you go. And we gon cook those, in a. 350 preheated degree oven. For I think like 10, I think. she said like 10, yeah, 10 to 12 minutes. And then she told me in. the letter, she said, let 'em cool slightly, but Rosemary, I did not let them cool, because I tried, I put. the frost in one oven and I thought it would spread out, but it didn't, it remained. right there in the center. So, I just went ahead. and frosted them all. Okay, now, since our. cookies bake so quickly, I'm gon go ahead. Teresa is finishing up,. putting them out on the tray and I'm gonna go ahead. and make up our frosting because as soon as I take. those cookies out of the oven, I want to be able to start loading them. All right, I don't think. that's quite a cup. Like I missed a little bit. There you go. So, here's the decision we've got to make. Eddie, we've also got a. lemon flavoring up there, and this is orange. Oh, and it smells so good. Did you smell?. - [Eddie] Yes. - It smells, it's so citrusy smelling. And of course almond,. who doesn't love almond? I love all my almond. So, I was thinking- - [Eddie] You have, peppermint one too. - Peppermint is for Christmas, so I think. I don't like peppermint, too much. - Alright nick calls for three ounces, of cream cheese, and course, I've been cutting off an eighth ounce. Blocks of- Doesn't that look about. three ounces right there? Looks like it to me. Hey, go ahead and just use it all. Cause I don't like to. be short on the frosty. Okay. So, the recipe for the. icing is three ounces of cream cheese, one cup of powdered sugar and one teaspoon of vanilla. So, I'm gonna get this. mixed up right here. So, since I can't make up my mind and y'all are not. offering a lot of hay up. Oh, oh gosh, that's flung everywhere. Oh, since you two ain't. offering any advice. I think I'm gonna separate this in half and do half orange and half almond. What y'all think about that? - [Eddie] Yeah.. - [Teresa] Most definitely. - Yeah, yeah I got a respondence. So, I'm gonna put, a little almond in that one. And just that little bit of. flavoring, moistens it up. Yum. - [Teresa] Let's see how. the orange one turns out. - Admirable. Yes, so now we're gonna try the orange. I just, the orange just sounds like it could be real refreshing. I wish I'd thought of, made a little zest. That's good, It's, and another one that would. have been good y'all is lemon. So, while we're waiting. on our cookies to bake, I'm gonna take this orange, and I'm gonna wash it, and I'm gonna zest it. Rosemary. Now, I don't know what happened girl, but, those that I made Saturday night, they stayed up, and, the little indention stayed down on em. But these didn't. So you know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking, that I. might go back to the way I did 'em Saturday. night, just substituting an little extra flour in. place of the corn starch. Cause my indention is gone. And I was just afraid. I was gon' to ruin 'em. So, I made them about. that size the other night. And like I said, when I. pulled them out of the oven, they all had my thumb indention. There was still one left. when he came here wanting it. So this is the orange. And,. - [Teresa] Smells so good. - Then the orange smell delicious. So, did a little, zest. I can't remember what I paid that was. - [Eddie] Jest. - Jest. - Like in Jest, like you. say something in jest. And see, you think that. this frosting would melt, but it doesn't. - [Teresa] Yeah, even on the flat cookie. - I know. So, I can't believe it Rosemary. So, I will make these again. And, so, I don't know what I did wrong. I think with you telling me, that to make an indention in the cookies that you would tell me that because they would come out of the oven, with an indention. So, we shall see. It can't hurt the taste of them at all. They smell so good. So, if you wanna make these, and you don't have any corn starch, and it calls for a third of a cup, a fourth of a cup of corn starch, you would use a half a cup of extra flour. So, it's like the corn starch, didn't, thicken up and out. So, they still good, but I'm gon try making them again. The flavor of these cookies are so good and Rosemary, they did. perfectly, Saturday night for me. And I just increased the flour, because I didn't have any corn starch, which flour is substitute. I mean, you can't even get them off. So I said, there's not many things, that you can't fix, in the kitchen. Look I have buttery. So I took, the cookies that I had made. And like I said, it, you couldn't even get. it up with a, spatular. So I just changed this cookie into a- - [Eddie] A cake pop.. - Cake pop. That's right. Don't try to trick us girls. We can get it done, but I'm certainly gon make. these again, Rosemary. And, I think I'm gon hold off the corn starch and just increase my flour. Just like I did, cause they turned out perfect. - [Eddie] Yeah, you can. get them off the plate, off the cookie sheet with a spatular. But when you go to pick. them up they're so- - Yeah, they crumble. So I'll show y'all what I'm talking about, they're so thin, and look at my hands, if this. is truly a buttery cookie. And you just mash your mouth. together and it's gone. - [Eddie] Yeah, yeah.. - So, - [Eddie] It's a good treat. - So Eddie, since your. hands are not all messed up, I would like for you to. try an orange cake pop. - [Eddie] Cake pop? Butter pop? It's good. - It is good, yeah. I have to say, you can. fix almost anything, but, you can't fix scorched. If you have scorched something, you can put that in the trash, because I don't of, a way. in the world to fix that. So that's my story,. morning glory for the day. Thank you, Rosemary. And I'll, oh my gosh. I love my tea towels. Love, love.