- Hey everybody, I'm Bobby Deen. Thanks for tuning in. I'm standing in for my. mom while she recovered from an eye surgery that she. had up at Duke University as all of you know and. she's doing real well. So, thanks for the well wishes. In the meantime, I am going to show you some. recipes that you've asked for. We know what some of your favorites are and you'd like to see them. maybe lightened up a little bit. So, this is a perfect time to do that because that's exactly what I do. And I hosted a show for a few years that was based completely on. taking traditional recipes and lightening them up. And I also wrote a book about that show and about those recipes and we put a lot of them together. And so today, we're gonna. make a banana pudding. It's something that you. all have been asking for quite a bit. And the one that you really, really like, that lots of people like, is called not yo mama's banana pudding. And oh boy, is it good. But let me tell you why. It's very good because it's. got lots and lots of milk, whole milk or two percent milk, cream cheese, a ton of sugar. and a ton of pudding in it. And it just is great. And oh my gosh is it heavy. Well, I figured out a. way to lighten it up. This is a little bit different. recipe, it's really simple. And I think it's a nice take on my mama. So what I want you to do is I want you to make my mom's. natural mama's banana pudding and enjoy it. And then I want you to make mine and sort of compare the two. So, let's get started. We're going to use some. of the same ingredients, but we'll use less of them. Some we won't use it all like the cream cheese we won't use. Pudding, we won't use,. we'll make our own pudding. And so, let's get. started, see how it goes. We're gonna start over. here on the stove top with two and a half cups of milk. And sort of just a small sauce pan and here's my milk and quarter cup of sugar, and I'm just going to whisk. them together a little bit. I'll get my high going and I'm gonna turn it down to just to low. I'm just going to simmer it. I don't want to bring this to a boil. That's not the point. The point is to just simmer it. So, I'm gonna warm it really nicely and I'm gonna pay attention to it while it's over here and just make sure that. nothing bad happens. So while that's warming up, let's move back over. here to the countertop and we are going to. whisk together another... I'm sorry, I think I said a. quarter cup of sugar over there. It's a half cup. Or no, no, no, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It's a half cup of sugar total and I've got it broken into quarters. So, that was a quarter of my cup of sugar. And this is the other. quarter of my cup of sugar. I'm gonna combine that with cornstarch. Cornstarch didn't all come out. A little pinch of salt. and a couple of eggs. Those are all expected ingredients. You looking for all these. Little bit of salt, eggs, two eggs, whisk that together. And that's coming together quick and easy. This might be a little different. than what you'd expect. Most people, when you. make a banana pudding, you don't think well, let. me go to the stove top and warm something up. So what we're gonna to do is this banana pudding. is sort of in stages. We're gonna cook to start with, and then we're gonna let cool. and then cover and chill. And then we're gonna come. back and put it all together. So we might take a couple. of breaks here, but not yet. I'm gonna come back over and. whisk my milk and sugar here and make sure that this. does not boil again. You just want it to simmer. Okay, so this is nice and. warm, looks beautiful, but it's not boiling. That's the important part. We did not want to boil it,. we just wanted to warm it up. So now, we're going to take. this warm milk and sugar mixture and we're gonna slowly. whisk it constantly. So, we don't to scramble eggs here. Just sort of temporary, right? We're gonna constantly whisk as we add that hot milk and. sugar to our cold mixture here. Coming together just nice. Got that whisk together real well. Okay, here we go. I've got my hot and my cold mixed together and we're just gonna add everything. That's perfectly warm. and we're gonna add it right back into the sauce. pan on the stove top here. Thank you, didn't spill a drop. And we're going to do the very same thing. I'm gonna just turn on into. a real low simmer here. Well, what's going on here? Here we go. Okay, I'm just going to. turn it on to just low. I'm just going to whisk. it until it thickens up and becomes just right. All right, this looks great. And it's beginning to thicken. and get just about right. Why don't we take one more break. And when we come back, we'll move this over onto the counter top and let it cool down. Okay, so this is. definitely thick and bubbly and ready to remove from the stove top. So, let's go back over. here to the counter. That looks beautiful. And we're going to add to that just a little bit of butter,. tablespoon of butter, and about a teaspoon of vanilla extract. I might be a shade under a. teaspoon, but that's all right. Yeah, that looks great. Mix in the butter and I'm. gonna let this sit here and go room temperature and then we are going to chill it. Okay, so we made our banana. pudding on the stove top and we let it cool in the. freezer for a little while. And here we are, let's put. our banana pudding together. So, we've got our pudding. we met on the stove top. We've got some fresh whipped. cream that I just made. We've got our bananas here. and some Nilla wafers, which I love and a banana pudding. - [Woman] It's very traditional. banana pudding, Bobby. - It's very traditional. banana pudding, mama, sure is. So for our bananas, everybody, I've gotten the bananas. already cut up here and they're in a bowl and. bananas will go brown on you. Like a lot of other fresh fruits when they're just sitting on the counter. So, I've sprinkled them. with some Fruit Fresh. And put a little water on. them and start them up. And that'll just keep. them from turning brown and that'll keep them. from turning brown too while they're in the banana pudding. So, that's a product that. you might want to use. All right, here we go. We're gonna to do this in layers. This is a great spoon. - [Woman] I know, I wanted you. to use it, I love that spoon. It's one of my favorites. - I might not have enough pudding. There's going to be a. shallow banana pudding cause it's in layers and the consistency of. that pudding is perfect. - [Woman] Yeah, it's just soft enough that it'll soak up in those cracks. - So, anybody who's. wondering how mama's doing? That's mama. - [Woman] Her mouth is still doing fine. - Right before we started, right before we hit the. little button on the camera. Mama said alright, now I'm gonna. stand up here and be quiet. And then she immediately started talking. Well, you did. You did, but that's okay. That's natural for you and my. man, Ed, is behind the camera. Ed, thank you so much for handling-- - [Woman] And don't forget. your audience members. - And don't forget my audience members. Thanks everybody for tuning in. You're right, mama. - [Woman] Eddy, show. everybody the audience-- - Oh, you're talking. about my live audience. - [Woman] Your live audience. - Yeah, I've got one live audience member. I've got one live audience member and she's sitting right. over there having lunch, waiting on dessert, I think. Doesn't that look nice? Okay, so one layer of pudding, one layer of Nilla wafers,. little more pudding. And now we're wondering. how we lighten this up. And we did that by using. a little less sugar and rather than heavy whipping. cream, we just went wider. But golly, I need-- - [Woman] You'll be fine. - It'll be good, But it's. going to be thin yet. - It's going to be thin. by the time you put your-- - My bananas on there. Nilla wafers are going to get just... Just right with the pudding. And my hands are clean,. everybody, just so you know. I wash my hands probably. more than a surgeon. - [Woman] You're so organized, I just throw them mine on, Bobby. I could borrow some patience from you. - Wow, thank you, Aunt Peggy. That's a very nice thing to say. Thank you very much. - [Woman] He might be a perfectionist. - Yeah, I might have some things that start with O and end in D. - [Woman] ACDC. - ACDC. No, that's not one of them. That's not one of the. things that I've got. I've got a few of their old. albums maybe on cassette, but I don't personally have ACDC. (laughing) - You know, I'm definitely a perfectionist and I definitely like things. really clean and organized and you know who hates that, my wife. Cause she doesn't have that at all. She's got the opposite of that. She's like just do it. Don't worry so much about it. Stop thinking. - [Woman] That's right cause it's all going in the same place. - That's exactly the truth. She is more right than. me, I can guarantee. All right, more pudding. - [Woman] Bobby, I think. you need the crackers, son. She's supposed to end with the pudding. - That's true... And I kind of just ended with the pudding, but you know what? I got distracted by some. little birdies over here talking to me about... I know you don't-- - [Woman] But I do think. I resemble that remark. - You do resemble it. - [Woman] And you know, Bobby,. when I make banana pudding, if the people are standing around that I'm making it for, I always ask do you like. more bananas or more cookies? - Auntie, do you like more. bananas or more cookies? See, that's my favorite kind. of audience member right there. That's my favorite kind of guests. - [Woman] Well, my preference. is more crackers than bananas. Cause that pudding-- - I should have used a smaller dish. I should have made a. little mini single serving. I should have made a. personal banana pudding. - [Woman] Bobby, this. is just like lasagna. Put those layers together. - Nobody after I finish. putting whipped cream on it-- - [Woman] Every one of those. bananas on top of that. And then your nice heavy. cream to cover them and not to keep them from. turning brown too, you know? - Well, if you want to step. in here and help me, you can. No, you don't? Everybody wants to know how mama is doing and she's doing just great. She had a little bit of. eye surgery up at Duke and man, I came in here today. Cause we're at mama's. house, it's not my house. I came in here today and mama. has got some pep in her step. She was having lunch and. her eye was opened up. And looking good and feeling good. And I'm happy to see that. Oh, today is... Let me say this. Today is my daddy's birthday. - [Woman] Is today the 19th? - Today is August the 19th. As you watch this, it probably. won't be August the 19th, but today is August the 19th. And that is my father,. my brother, Jamie and me, our daddy, Jimmy. Today's his birthday. And I spoke to him this. morning and that's good. And also, also, also my cousin, our cousin, Taylor Deen,. had her baby yesterday. - [Woman] I didn't know. she was pregnant, Bobby. Wow, well then that's a surprise to you. - [Woman] So, you know what? That makes Piggy Deen a great grandmother. Cause Taylor is her granddaughter. Oh, well wonderful. - So there's more Deens being born, but Taylor's married to a fellow. I think that her maiden. name is Garrison now. Let me rinse my hands off real quick. They're living down in. Auburn where we're from. So, Taylor and her husband. had their baby today and he's healthy or had. had their baby yesterday and the baby is healthy and all is well. And mama, what do you think? Should I put some more. Nilla wafers on there or no, just whipped cream, just cover. it all with whipped cream? - [Woman] I think I would. just spread that whipped cream all over the top. - I think so too, I think you're right. So, I'm just gonna plop it on this. - [Woman] Yeah, like those cookies. Soak up that custard. Bobby, I have to admit, I tasted and stuck a. finger in your custard. - I don't believe that. You cheated on some food and tasted it with your fingers. right to your mouth, no. Who would ever have suspected that? - [Woman] And your custard tastes so much like your grandmother's. And I'm talking about your. grandmother hires my mother. It tasted so like hers. - Well good, I'm sure. that that is a compliment. Well that's all right. We'll just kind of... It leaves a little bit to be seen. So, that adds to the... You can see what's down there that you're gonna get. when you spoon into it. So you can get sort of. excited about it in advance or maybe I can sort of make it, sorry. Sorry about that, I forgot for a second. I forgot for a second that you were having to. try to keep up with me. - [Woman] I like mine to look like a pie. You know how you have all. those pretty peaks on it? - Well, we don't have that. - [Woman] And there's. your clean paper towel and wipe your bowl, clean. the edges of your bowl with. And do I need to go out to the garden and get you some fresh mint? - [Woman 2] You don't need to go out. - My customer? My one long customer is going to go out and gather some fresh mint. - [Woman] We're not going. need that mint anyway, are we? - She's going to go get. it, she's insistent. All right, so that looks like about good. All right, so we've. topped our banana pudding. A quarter of it has disappeared. Somebody got into it and now-- - [Woman] You got a rat in the kitchen. - I got a rat in the kitchen. I'm just told by the rat. A rat just told me that I got a rat, but the good news is I heard. that the banana pudding is very good. - [Woman] It's wonderful. If it had a little writing on it, it would be just like mama's. Bobby, remember when I. used to make banana pudding every day for the bag lady and. putting it on styrofoam cups. Oh, our customers... Our customers adore it,. that banana pudding. - Everybody. So, that was a lighter. version of banana pudding. You will love the recipe. I'm sorry, but this is. where it comes from. So, I gotta plug it. This is not my mama's banana pudding and this is from my book and oh boy, is that a good recipe. So, thanks for tuning in. And while mama is on the. end you will be seeing me. So, I'll be back to do some more. If you've got some requests or some foods that you really like and you. want to see lightened up, let us know and we'll do them. So for now, signing off. - [Woman] Bon appetit, y'all.