- [Paula] We were looking. at this, uh, this recipe, and Eddie said now that sounds like an. old timey Christmas cookie. And we, Casey and I. both said, yes it does. And Jamie Williams sent this one in to me. And it's, it says, no title. provided "raisin balls" So that's a good name for. me, Jamie, raisin balls. She said, my mom made this. cookie every year for Christmas. I hope you pick me for your. 12 days of Christmas cookies. I love you all so much. Thank you, Jamie. And we return that love to ya, girl. Nothings sweeter than. the sound of your words. All right, I'm gonna put in. two cups of golden raisins in the skillet and I'm gonna. cover it with one cup of water. And Jamie says to, uh, let those cook until all the water has cooked out of them. So that's, that's what we're gonna do. So they gonna be real plump and real delicious. All right. Jamie told us to, uh, cook. our golden raisins, two cups of raisins and one cup of. water until the water is gone. And you can see the water is gone. (Casey laughs off-screen) So we're gonna have some wonderful plump golden raisins for our raisin balls. Now the first thing we're. gonna do is we're gonna cream our sugar along with is it one cup of oil? - [Casey] Mm-hmm - Not a cup and a half? - [Casey] One cup - Okay. Wonder where my glasses are? (Laughing) Let me get 'em. Okay, so it was, uh, one and a half cups of sugar. That's where I saw the one and a half. All right, so we're gonna beat our our oil and our sugar. Normally at this point it. would usually you think about butter, but uh these. are gonna be with oil So that's gonna be very interesting. - [Eddie] Yeah. - Do you ever make cookies using oil? - [Casey] No - You know, I don't recall it either. I'm sure I have just don't recall it. All right, let's see. Cream those together then add two eggs, three cups of flour, a. half a teaspoon of salt and one teaspoon of vanilla extract along with one teaspoon of baking soda. So There we go. So I'm gonna go ahead and add, oops. I'm gonna go ahead and add our eggs and I'll go ahead and add our vanilla - [Casey] Here's some more if you need - Thank you. You know, I. want some more vanilla. If it calls for one. teaspoon, I'll usually do two just cause I can. (Laughing off-screen) All right, we got a little salt and a little soda. So I'm mixing our dry. ingredients together. Why does that vanilla always look like it Some wants to stay in. the bottom of the bowl. That's good extract. Okay, here we go. We're on our way, Jamie. Now the last thing that we're gonna add is gonna be our raisins after they're cooled. You wanna stick those in. the fridge, Casey, or either in this refrigerator drawer right there? - [Casey] Mm-hmm, yep. - Because these are gonna. mix up pretty quickly, quicker than I think the raisins to cool. I think this'll get done first. (Mixer whirring) And Jamie says this makes like seven dozen Is that what she said? - [Casey] Mm-hmm - That's a bunch of raisin balls. Okay. That's it. That is it. And we're gonna roll these in sugar before we bake 'em right? And I like that. That gives your cookies a little crackled, kind. of a little crackled look. The last thing to go in our bowl is our cooled, fat plump raisins. And if you didn't have golden raisins I think a regular raisin would work fine. Don't y'all? - [Casey] Yep. - Does a golden raisin. taste different from - [Eddie] I don't know. - I don't know. I've never done a taste test. And again, this is a stiff batter so it's gonna require a little work. I'm getting my workout today. Looks like mashed potatoes with raisins. (Laughing off-screen) All right, (Paper crinkling) now we're gonna roll these in sugar. And, uh, Jamie said they make like seven dozen. So I'm thinking she must make 'em fairly small cause they're gonna puff up. Okay, here we go. Jamie! I couldn't wait for it to cool. I'm sorry. These are delicious. But I'm one of those people that I love a raisin cooked in breads and cakes, but this is really good. Really, really good. They're kind of cakey and your instructions. said bake for 10 to 15 No 15 minutes. And I probably baked these. about 13 to 14 minutes. So thank you so much, girl, for. sharing this recipe with us. This is one of those cookies. that's gonna get better as it cools, Eddie. - [Eddie] Can I try? - Thank you, Jamie. Yes, dig in. Thank you Jamie. Love.