- You know, I really enjoy. cooking out of my magazine. Uh, my girls cook out of this a lot. And when I'm talking about my girls, I'm talking about my niece Carrie and my daughter-in-law Brew. She cooks out of this magazine a lot. And Claudia and Michelle. and Ashley a Little bit. They um, enjoy uh, pulling. recipes from these magazines. Well, in this months SIP, special issue, a recipe that is near and. dear to my heart cropped up and I said, "Oh my gosh,. Teresa that sounds like uh, our gooey butter cake almost." And she said, "Yeah." So when we formulated. this recipe we certainly, of course I can't. remember everything y'all, but we certainly must've. had that gooey butter cake in the back of our mind. But this is called a brown blondie with a warm vanilla uh, sauce. A caramel sauce. So we are gonna, let me give you the measurements just in case you um, have. a hard time finding them. It's one cup of packed light brown sugar, one cup of heavy cream,. heavy whipping cream and uh, a fourth of a cup. of unsalted butter cubed and a fourth of a teaspoon of salt. So, let me throw the salt in. And when it gets through cooking, we'll put the vanilla flavoring in there. We gon' put like a cup and. a half of vanilla flavoring. - [Theresa] A cup and a half? (indistinct). - (laughing) I was just top up vanilla flavoring ya'll. - [Eddie] That sounds like a vodka drink. - Sounds like a vodka drink. A teaspoon and a half.. - [Theresa] (indistinct) that's even too much. - A teaspoon and a half y'all, of vanilla. So what we've got here y'all is a caramel sauce because we've used the brown sugar. Now we're going to bring. this sauce to a boil and I've got it over,. like a medium high heat. We're gon' let that come to a boil. And then we gon' lower. our temperature on this. And we gon' to let it. cook for about 10 minutes. And you're gonna need to let this sit for about 30 minutes before you stir it. So we're actually starting. with the sauce first and then we gon' come over here and we're going to make the, the uh, the brownie part, the pecan blondie. I love blondies. So here we go. Let me see if there's any more in there. A little bit, you know, when you're using whipping cream, you think you got it all, but you can always get another drop out. Have y'all ever noticed? You can always get one more drop. So anyway, the teaspoon. and a half of vanilla, we're going to put that. in after this is cooked. Because if you cook, let the. vanilla flavoring cook in you're gon' lose a lot of its punch. So we don't want to, we don't wanna boil that vanilla but we sure do wanna have it handy. And um, this is some homemade vanilla I've told y'all I know. probably several times this is, this is just makes the nicest gift. You just get your vanilla. beans at the grocery store and slice them and then take. your paring knife and just, just skim down that bean. and get all of that dark gooey substance out of the. middle and put it in your your bottle, whatever bottle you decide. But this is a perpetual vanilla that, gosh somebody sent me a. long time ago and you know, you got the bottle and you got the beans but then you have to actually. get your vanilla started. But you know, for it to be really good it needs to sit for a couple of months, at least six weeks y'all. Okay, so this is coming to a boil Mm, and this is gonna be so good. I wonder if I can find y'all a picture. I can't remember if this recipe has a picture with it or not. - [Theresa] I think. they all have pictures. Let me look and see if. I can find one for you. - Let's see what page is that on? Let's see. It's on page 92. Oh, look how beautiful. coconut rice pudding. I'm gon' make some rice. pudding one day for everybody. - [Theresa] Yum. - Mm-mm. There it is. (laughing) Pecan Blondies, with Vanilla Caramel. Now that's up to you, but you can always put a big ol' scoop of Blue. Bell Homemade Vanilla. It's the best vanilla ice. cream I've eaten, ever. Besides homemade, it's the best. All right, it's boiling, isn't Eddie? - [Eddie] Looks good. - [Paula] Mm-mm, it's. going to be delicious. - [Eddie] I kind of. want a caramel cake now. - [Paula] You want a. caramel cake? (laughing) Well, let's make one. - [Eddie] Sounds good. - I can make a caramel cake too. I mean, I could eat a caramel cake too. They're a little tedious to. make Eddie, caramel cakes. Okay, I'm gon turn that down a little bit. And for 10 minutes, we're. going to let this cook. Okay, great Theresa. I appreciate you doing that. - Now, do I keep it boiling. - Well, I cut it down so. the iron is still hot. - The timer 10 minutes. so I don't burn this. - Mm, wow. - Yum. - That caramel sauce is. gonna be so delicious. So delicious, all right. Now the reason I like. this blondie is because, you don't have to pull out. any kind of electric mixer. We're just going to stir all this together and we're going to start. with our brown sugar and then we're going to add our eggs. And we're just gonna whisk those eggs in with that brown sugar. And then, I don't know why this. recipe is making me giggle. I guess 'cause I know what's coming. All right, one cup of melted butter. I guess it's my love of butter. that makes me want to giggle. Oh my gosh it's so good. Is that unsalted butter Theresa? - [Theresa] Yes, ma'am. - Oh, it's so nasty. - [Theresa] I know, but I. had some in my refrigerator So I figured I'd use it up. 'Cause we don't waste not, what not.. - I appreciate. That's right. You know, all of my recipes. call for unsalted butter. Listen, I don't use unsalted butter. If I'm making a cake I'm. going to use salted butter because I like the salt and the sweet. Uh, unsalted butter does. not even taste like butter, not a drop. So, since this is my party and. I can cry if I want to, I'ma put some salt in there. Okey-dokey. So we're just gonna beat in our vanilla. And then we'll get a wooden. spoon to do that with. And I'm gonna put in two. teaspoons of vanilla. Now over there we're using homemade and over here I'm using store bought. - [Theresa] Well, you can have. the homemade if you want it. - Oh no, this okay. This is okay. And I can't remember Theresa. was that plain flour or? - [Theresa] Yes ma'am. - Okay. So this is not gon' rise up too big. Oh, I love recipes that I don't. have to pull out any mixers. And that was walnuts that I put in there. I wanna get every bit of that off that. So you use unsalted. butter at home, Theresa? - [Theresa] No, I don't. know why I bought it. I bought it by mistake because, so I was trying to slide it in on you but apparently that didn't work. - I'm telling you, I kind of know my boys. Okay, so now all you have to do is um, taking a piece of parchment paper, lining it within a nine inch square pan. And you want, you want, you want to have some. excess parchment paper because when it gets done we're gonna take the parchment paper and lift it out. So that's why the paper is so big. This is good oh, I smell that vanilla. Thank you Eddie. It's kind of a (indistinct) work with but we'll be happy when. we go to take it out that we have gone through the trouble of using parchment paper. I mean, you can have this. dessert ready in no time. And the fact that you've. got vanilla ice cream in your freezer. - [Theresa] And you. could buy caramel sauce if you didn't want to go through the trouble of making it.. - Yeah you could, but why? - [Theresa] I know, 'cause it smells fabulous.. - Because a homemade uh-huh. A homemade caramel sauce so much better. And lasts too long. And it's so easy to make. - [Theresa] She's scraping that. bowl right down to the end. She doesn't even leave. us a tiny bit of dough. (laughing) Not a drip or a drop. - There might be one. little pinch right there. Okay. Let me just spread this out. 'cause it's a very thick, it's a very thick batter. But we can do this thing. Okay, so we're going to. put this in the oven. We've got it preheated. at 350 degrees y'all. And um, I'ma have to. refer back to the recipe 'cause I can't remember. how long, that a typical-- - 25 to 30 minutes. - 25 to 30 minutes,. that sounds about right because a regular gooey butter cake, we'd cook it 35 to 40 minutes. - And they've said you do want it to have a little bit of a few. moist crumbs when we, - Yeah. Ooh, this is gon' be delicious uh. All right, can I borrow your um, timer? It's only been five minutes. - No, it's been a little longer than that. You should have used that. - Oh, I don't know how you use that. - Oh no, no. - I'm going to go to college for that. - You know, you just use 314 and you say I'll wait until it turns to 18 in almost four more minutes. - Okay, so what'd that say? 30 minutes? - Yes, 30 to 35. - Okay, well I'll put it on 32. - No, I'm sorry. 25 to 30. Let's not overcook this. - 25 to 30 okay make up your mind. All right I'll put it on 28. So, such an easy recipe y'all. I hope you got all the measurements down. Because if you're having company over, it will be a,. - And again, the recipe will be attached.. - It'll be a desert to impress. - And the recipe will be. attached to the video. - Good, there's a link right? - Always. - I wouldn't leave y'all on hanging. Okay. So 28 to 30 minutes. And you don't have to stir. it constantly Theresa, it just said frequently. - [Theresa] Okay. You know I follow directions. - I know you do girl. When Eddie was traveling somewhere he came back with some. little gifts for me. Look at this precious little wooden spoon. I love it. Where did you find it, Eddie? - [Eddie] You know, I think they're they're handmade up in. Goffstown, New Hampshire. - Oh my gosh, I love them. - [Eddie] I have a favorite little store up there that I go to. - Look, see the concentrated vanilla bean that was in the lid of. that from me shaking it. So, that is definitely going in the pot. So it's been 10 minutes and I'm going to do. something I shouldn't do. And that's, I'm going to. measure it over the pot. 'Cause if I slipped up, I. could ruin everything right now but I'm gon' try not to slip up. Okay, so I cut the iron off, but you know, these inductions these can stay hot for a long while. So we're going to let. that sit for 30 minutes. Look at that, how beautiful. How beautiful. Beautiful, beautiful. Uh, y'all it's time. for the good stuff now. No more salads, no more low calorie stuff. It's time for our blonde, blonde (chuckles) brownies (chuckles) with a caramel sauce. So look at this. See that's why we put a. parchment paper in there so we could just lift. it right out of the pan. And I'm probably going to get. nine servings out of these. I don't know, I actually could. get more than that Eddie. I think I'm gon' cut it smaller than that. Yeah, I'm gon' get us a few more servings. Okay. Now I would cut this more generous if I was serving someone a dessert but this is going to be. very, very, very rich. And I want you to look. at my ice cream scoop. A friend that watches. my show sent this to me. I love it so much. Uh, I'll never use another ice cream scoop other than this one. You see the handles are filled. with some type of liquid. And I just put this ooh, under the hot water and let it sit. And it will help you get that ice cream out of there so much easier. You know, I mean, it's still gon' be work. Still going to be a little. work, but you know what? So worth it. All right. How about if I do this bigger piece? And look at that. Now you don't want to over cook this. You want it to be a little,. little gooey, just like that. Kind of like the gooey butter cakes. All right so there we go. Look that, that scooper is so hot, it was melting the ice cream. Okay. That got oh, Theresa. off the sofa. (laughing) Look at here at this. caramel sauce, would you? Look at that. - [Theresa] 10 minutes. - That's almost pure porn. It's food porn. - [Theresa] Exactly. - Whoa, give it your best shot Pau. Oh, oh, (giggles) oh. Well I thought we could. just taste this one and then I'll fix another. How about that? Eddie? Come on over here Therese. - [Eddie] I'll wait. - [Paula] Huh, what? You'll wait? - [Theresa] You'll wait? - [Paula] Here Therese. - [Theresa] When have I. ever heard you say that you'll wait on something sweet? - [Paula] Okay. Get you some. Oh gosh, look at that. - [Theresa] I can't get over how easy that caramel sauce is to make. Oh my gosh. - We need to go to church sister. - [Theresa] Mm-hm. I'll eat the front end. You eat the back end. - [Paula] I'd eat that back end any day. - [Theresa] Eddie, it is a sin. - Yeah, we are sinning. We need to go to church y'all. - [Theresa] I have no words. No, no words. I'll just dig back in, how about that? Oh my gosh, so good. You have to try this too. We have to wrap this up. so Eddie can have a piece. - I wanted you to see the look on her face when she was eating it. So can you do it again Theresa, without me talking? - It's not that hard. (laughing) It is so good. - I tell you what, you couldn't go to a bakery, and buy anything close to this. - [Theresa] 30 minutes. - Mm-hm. Please make the recipe y'all. Which magazine is it in? - Special Interest Piece. - Yeah, it's on the stand. right now, isn't it? - [Theresa] It's on the stand right now. - Come on Theresa. you're letting me get ahead.. - [Theresa] I ate my whole piece. You just end this. - No, Uh-uh. - [Theresa] Uh-huh. - Loving best dishes y'all.