- Hey friends, I've shared a. lot of Easter meals with y'all, but I have yet to share an Easter sweet; something a little bit sweet for dessert. And this is one that you. can call your children into the kitchen and help you. It's just a spring time,. white chocolate bark. So I've got four cups of. white chocolate chips, and I'm gonna melt these, and all we have to do is. just follow the directions on the bag and we'll see what that says. It says, "Microwave two cups of morsels "in an uncovered microwave. safe bowl on high power "for 45 seconds." Okay, our white chocolate. chips finally melted. I was actually doubling. the chocolate chips, so it took a little bit longer. All right, so we're just. gonna stir those in, and now we're gonna spread. it onto our parchment paper. (cat meowing) My poor kitty, what? What, Pumpkin? You've been meowing and crying all day. (cat meowing). I fed her three times and nothing seems to be enough. I have that same problem. some days (laughing). Must be that time of the month. That would be a miracle,. wouldn't it, Pumpkin? Since you're very much. like me in some ways. All right, now we're just. gonna spread this out. Now, what are these little things called? This recipe is from the magazine. and sometimes we actually use. the real name of something. - [Woman] They're called Meltaways. - (laughing) Meltaways? - [Woman] Mm-hmm, and they're by Wilton. They're Wilton Meltaways. - Okay, so these are-. - Yeah, all different colors. All kinds of colors.. - These, okay, all right, let me see what I'm doing now. Yeah, Meltaways and then. we've got a tablespoon and a half of drapees. - [Eddie] Dragees. - Sragees (laughing).. - Dragees. - To me, they're coated candy. coated toppings for cookies. (Paula laughing). - Candy balls. - And then we've got nonpareils that we're gonna sprinkle. on the top of this. So we're gonna start by melting our beautiful chocolate mints and. then we're gonna just drizzle that over the base of our bark. We've got our green Meltaways melted. Idn't that pretty? Dudn't that look so Eastery? The babies are gonna love this. All of our babies, big and small. - [Eddie] Very Jackson Pollack creation. - What?. - Your Jackson Pollack creation in candy. - (laughing) Yes. Okay, now we're gonna swirl that and I'm using an extra long toothpick to just swirl that with. Oh, so pretty, so pretty. Doesn't that look pretty, Eddie? - [Eddie] It does. - Yum, yum. I love bark. Okay, now we're gonna use our blue wafers. We're gonna melt those and then we're gonna drizzle this on top. So I'm gonna drizzle the blue. over the green and the white, and it just looks so pretty. Looks so Eastery, dudn't it? Blue and green, that's. some of my favorite colors. In fact, you know, we were. remodeling the first house that Michael and I built. when we got married and I'm leaning towards blues and greens, you know all of God's colors. In fact, I want to take y'all on a tour. I mean, it looks like a bomb. went off in that house, y'all. (Eddie laughing). (Paula laughing) You know, I mean, Michael and I, were just gonna add a few extra feet. All right, so I'm gonna swirl. it with a fork this time, see if that works any better than my toothpick You see anywhere it needs swirling, Eddie? - [Eddie] I think it looks good. - Mm-hmm, I think it looks so pretty. All right, now we're gonna. put our paralase (laughing), or whatever these things are called.. - Dragees. - [Paula] Dragees. - [Eddie] You mixed nonpareils and- - Oh, I got the names bass. ackwards, like I normally do Aren't those pretty? Keeping with our green and blue theme. And, oh look, idn't that pretty? And these are the tiniest of all, and look what a pretty. finish they give to it. Beautiful, beautiful. (water pouring) This is beautiful, and the. kiddies, big and little, are gonna love it. So I've got to refrigerate. this for about 20 minutes. I know y'all have heard. me say a thousand times, I'm hoping for a piece,. but oh no, it's in storage. Well, my best friend, y'all. probably know her, it's Bubbles, Susan and her mother. Her mother is what, is she 94 now? - [Eddie] I think so, yeah. - Yeah, I think she's-. - Yeah, she'll be coming up on 95 this year. - Yeah, she's 94, Ring Ring, and she is just the sweetest little lady, and she was a pack rat though. She, I mean, not a hoarder, but everything that was good, she kept. She would pack it away and. take real good care of it, and a lot of things are. from her wedding gifts when she married. So right there, they would be. 70, 75 years old Eddie, right? Yeah, yeah.. - I would think, at least, yeah. - And so Susan sent me some pictures. They were starting to clean out and I think they were. gonna have an estate sale or something, but anyway, she said, "Is there any pieces you. see you'd want Sissy?" That's what we call each other, Sissy, since we don't have a sister. She's my sister and I'm her sister. But so she brought,. she hand delivered some of her mother's things, and this was one of Ring Ring's pieces. And Eddie said, he thought. it was his favorite out of every piece we got. He just went out there and. started going through the box, looking for something to. plate our Easter candy on, and of course I went and. put on my Easter bonnet, and on short notice. this was the best thing that I could find. You ain't looking at my. Easter bonnet, Eddie. - Oh.. (Paula laughing) - I'm trying to show. everybody my Easter bonnet. This was the best I could. do on such short notice, so while he was getting. his ducks in a row, I was putting on my. Easter bonnet (laughing). But look, it's three different pieces, and we finally figured it out. We've got this upside down. It should be set up with water in it, and then these little holes, you put your flowers in. and they would be in water, so I love it. Something else I love, look-a here. Look at this beautiful, beautiful bark. Just screams Easter, dudn't it? Ooh, these are some thick pieces too. I didn't do so good spreading it out. Oh, but that'll make it much. more fun to eat (giggling). Those thick, thick pieces and. I don't want to pick this up since it's in three pieces, 'cause I would like to hold onto it since it was Ring Ring's. Look at this. Am I putting it out right, Eddie? - Yes, it looks great.. - I can't, I can't see. Here's a little piece,. would you like to try it? - [Eddie] I would. - Mm, mm, mm. When my children were. little at Easter time, I would, it's so silly. I would sing this song for 'em and they would just look at. me, and I sang it to Corrie, and now I'm singing it. to the grandchildren, so here it goes. ♪ Here comes Peter Cottontail ♪ ♪ Hoppin' down the bunny trail ♪ ♪ Hippity hoppity, Easter's on its way ♪ (Paula laughing) - Oh, Paula.. - That's it. That's all my talent. (Paula laughing) Happy Easter, y'all. Love and best dishes. ♪ Here comes Peter Cottontail ♪ ♪ Hoppin' down the bunny trail ♪