- Listen, y'all are in for a treat. If you will take down this recipe, if you like baklava. You don't have to go to. all the trouble though, to make like a real baklava. I've got such a wonderful doable recipe in "December's issue of. cooking with Paula Deen". (buzzer ringing) I got something ready somewhere. This is Honey Baklava Cups, and we are gonna use, instead of using all those sheets of phyllo dough, we are gonna use a little phyllo cups. So I'm real excited about sharing this recipe with y'all and you know, how you always make a syrup to pour over the baklava. Well, that's what we're gonna start with. I have got, I'm just going to read it off to you because like I said, if you don't have, this is a great gift. My magazine seems like it's for a year. It's like $19. Is that right Eddie? Do you know? I mean, it's so, and it's just like a dam full with all kinds of recipes. Well, you see there's. a little card in here, you know that anyway, it does make a great gift for people that like to cook. But in case you don't have a copy of December's magazine, I'm going to read this off to you. Now for the honey citrus syrup, y'all got opinion? (laughs) You're gonna need 3/4 a cup for water, and I've got that measured out right here. We're gonna need a half a cup of sugar. And it's measured out right here. Watch it. We are gonna need a 1/2. a orange thinly sliced. And I have that, and I'm going to need a. 1/2 of a lemon sliced, which I hadn't done that yet. But it would take about a second, This knife feels actually a little dull. It's cutting real dull too. I think one more slice and that'll get it. Then we'll turn that on, We gonna throw in a cinnamon stick. We gonna give that a stir. That looks good. Just like that. Alright, and now I'm gonna add a fourth of a cup of honey and that's what makes that baklava so stinking good. Now, once this becomes to a boil, I'm going to cover it and we're going to turn the temperature. down a little bit, and we're gonna simmer that, after it comes to boil. for about 20 minutes and we also have to kind of let it cool a little bit. So that's why I'm going ahead and making the syrup first and next we'll get started on the phyllo cups. So we let our sauce simmer for 20 minutes after it came to a boil. So I'm pulling it out of this hot pan. So hopefully that'll help it cool a little bit quicker. Now for the nutty part. I've got walnuts. I think I'll mix the walnuts and the slivered almonds together because I'm using the. small food processor. So I don't think I can get them all in. We want to grind this until it's almost pretty filled. (food processor sounds) 'Cause you know nuts are not really in big chunks in baklava. So let's take a look. I think that looks about right Eddie. How about you? - [Eddie] Mm-hmm. You think that's. - [Eddie] Yap. - You don't want it to be too big. Alright, I'm going to. get out another bowl. So we'll just do this and shifts I'm gonna throw in is my cup. I think it's a cup or is it a 1/2 a cup? No, it's one cup each. Not the almond slivers. So the almond slivers is a 1/2 of a cup. So a cup of walnuts, a couple of pecans and. half a cup of almonds. Now we're gonna add our cinnamon to this batch and our cloves and I think add sugar, don't we? Yeah. Until nuts are almost grounded. Yeah, I got it. So since we had to do this in two batches, I'll stir all that together real good. So everything will be coated. All right, let's see what that looks like. So I'm going to incorporate. all this together. And like I said, I'm going to have to. stir that up real good, because we want it all to be coated with the spices and the sugar. This looks and smells like. baklava already, Eddie. Now I have taken our phyllo cups and I have brushed them all with butter. And for that, you'll. just need a small brush. It'll fit inside your phyllo cups, just like that. So I've done every one of those along with Eddie's help. So we're going to fill my shell up and we go bake these for 20 minutes. And then after our syrup is cooled, we're going to pour our syrup over the nut mixture. That sounds pretty good, doesn't it? This may be a messy little job, but I think I'll be better off doing it like this. So you see how much easier this is. I'm making the old timey Greek baklava. It's so delicious. We're going to have all those flavors that baklava has, we just not going to. quite that much trouble. I suspect if you're Greek descent, you probably know this baklava, like the back of your hand. I have to say I don't though. So I'll be back in a few minutes when I get all these filled and we're going to put them in a preheated 350 degree oven about 18-20 minutes. There you go. Now the beauty of these baklava cups, they all hold in a airtight container for five days. So this can be done five days in advance, 18 minutes in a 325 degrees oven. I think I might've said 350 earlier, but it's 325, so there you go. That's good. And it's still hot, but you can see what I did. I poured our syrup into a little colander and drained it. And now when the little cups come out of the oven, I'm just going to take a spoon and drizzle this end to each cup. Sounds good, right? (laughs) (dog barking) So 18 minutes in the oven, y'all the roast, the nuts. And now I'm putting about. a teaspoon of our syrup into each cup. And you just want to. kind of get it in there as even as you can. And it really does smell like baklava. So I hate to repeat myself too many times, but remember this is good for five days. So I like that because. there's a lot of desserts that won't hold, that long. And it is great to find wonderful, delicious recipes that you can make that far ahead of time. And they go and get better. I cheated and had more (laughs) and they're actually going to get better the longer they sit and that wonderful honey fruity syrup. I just hope I'm going to have enough. I find out now just to make more. I mean, this is so easy and so baklava. so I do hope y'all will try this recipe because it's more your time and little better of effort. So there you go. Love and best dishes and I hope it always. turns out sweet for you.