(bang sounds) - Well y'all, you know,. it's all about Valentine's here at our house this week, and I'm fixing to share with y'all the easiest, hot fudge. chocolate sauce in the world. I've been... I think I made. this for the first time when Jamie was like. six and Bobby was four. It was just always our favorite sauce to eat on top of ice cream. And of course, after you. make it and you've eaten it that first time, while it was hot, you put it in the refrigerator. And when you use it the next time, you can just put it in a little glass bowl and reheat it in the microwave and it creams right back up, so smooth. So, I'm starting with... What did I do with my pot? - [Lady] It's right there. - All right, I'm gonna put one. stick of butter into my pot (metal clanking) and get that to melting And then I'm gonna add one cup of sugar. And then I'm gonna add evaporated milk. And then when I get through cooking it just for a few minutes,. I'm gonna add my vanilla because if you put it. in while it's boiling, the vanilla has a tendency. to cook out of it. And I really want that vanilla flavoring. Okay y'all I'm back. This kitchen is very, very small. So we had to put our. refrigerator in the garage and then we got stainless. steel shelves out there to hold our... it's like our pantry. So I knew I had those chocolate chips somewhere in that pantry. Now I'm melting the stick of butter. (paper rattling sounds) And I'm gonna add one cup of sugar. So this sitting fat in and on y'all. (giggles) Okay. So in that goes. And then I'm gonna add... (paper rattling sounds) You know it depends on how. chocolatey you want it. I'm using a real milk chocolate because... No this is the semi-sweet. I thought I had the... I thought I had the milk chocolate, so I'm going to go back and. look one more time y'all. (muffled giggles). Hold on. All right y'all, so I. got me a cup of sugar, stick of a butter and it really... And Theresa found my milk chocolate. I am not a semi-sweet or dark chocolate... I'm just not a fan. But feel free to use whatever. chocolate is your favorite. You could actually make. it with white chocolate, but I just... I'm a big. fan of milk chocolate. (paper rattling sounds) So that's what I'm using. (paper rattling sounds) And you know, this you just... Just kinda put what you want.. (paper rattling sounds) I'm gonna put... that's. probably a half, yeah, it's probably a half a cup. I'm gonna start with that and. you can come over here Eddie and show everybody how fast this melts. So, I'm just gonna put. enough chocolate chips in this to make it the color I want. So I may wind up in the end... It may be like a cup of chocolate chips but the milk chocolate now,. it's a lighter chocolate. If we were using semi-sweet. or what's the other one? There's a semi-sweet and... I can't remember, cause I always use milk. So that's the color I want mine. So I'm saying that was a cup and I'm going to turn this. up just a wee little bit, because I want that sugar to melt. So I'm melted one stick of. butter, put in one cup of sugar and a cup of milk chocolate morsels. (ticking sounds) But I tell you if I put in... Listen to what I did with it now. (giggles). (ticking sounds) If I had used... Oh, it's bittersweet. - [Lady] Right? - There's a bittersweet. chocolate, there's... - [Lady] Semi-sweet. which is what these are. - Yes, semi sweet which. I can take a semi sweet but I really prefer... So I'm going to put just a. little bit of this in here. Just so you can see the color, how much darker the semi-sweet is. (ticking sounds). (bang sound) Come on, get hot. (light giggles). (ticking songs) Get hot, morsels. (ticking songs) See, because other chocolate is like the color of milk chocolate. So if you like a Hershey bar, that kind of chocolate. you go on and get a straw. (laughs) But this sauce... Okay y'all. So our chocolate now our. chocolate and our butter, everything's melted and. it's coming to a little boil which is what we want. We want to cook for just a minute. And this is where your own your own because I don't think I've ever measured. I don't think I've ever. measured my evaporated milk. So I'm gonna just say,. let's start with that much. And what is that? - [Lady] A fourth of a cup. I think it's a third, isn't it? So see how that bubbles up. - [Lady] It's a fourth. - Okay, it's a fourth of a cup. And see, when you put in that cream It makes it bubble. Look at that. (metal clanking sounds) So it's immediately so creamy. Okay, so a stick of. butter, a cup of sugar, a fourth of a cup of. evaporated milk, and a dash. (laughs) So the thing is when you're... Surely you can't eat. all this at one sitting. I mean I could, but I don't. So when you reheat it you'll wanna maybe just put a little dash. of evaporated milk in it and it just creams right back up. So we're just gonna let that. come to boil and you can see, just that little fourth of. a cup of evaporated milk, how loose it made it. So you don't want to overdo it, but you want that to just. cook for a minute or so and make sure all your. sugar has evaporated and it's not grainy. (bubbling sounds) It's still just a wee bit grainy. So I'm going to add... this. really, really creams it up. - [Lady] So you're probably. at a third of a cup now. - I'm probably at a third of a cup, yeah. Listen to Teresa, she.... (laughs) - [Lady] I am because I'm. one of those precise people. - You are getting there. And I know people like to know, I mean, I know that's a big thing to people, it's to really know the measurements. So... - Yes. - I'm keeping you in check - That's right, I need. somebody to do that Teresa. (laughs) A lot of people have tried. - [Lady] I've been trying for 18 years. (laughs) - Have we been together 18 years. Well, you deserve a medal. - [Lady] It's been a easy job. - You deserve a Ruby on your booby. (laughs) (bubbling sounds) All right, now I'm going. to check for another spoon. (metal clattering sounds) - [Lady] Here's a spoon for you. - It's all right, I got... Oh look, no that's not. a spoon, that's a fork, thank you, thank you. All right. (ticking sounds) - [Lady] Yum. It is not grainy. So it's really better y'all,. if you let it cool some, which you know I don't have at the time. (water splashing sounds) I wanna still have... Oh my Gosh. I love maraschino cherries. And I like them with some on them. See this needs to cool, so the chocolate will stick to your cherry. (water splashing sounds) Good. It would be better. enough if it was cooler. (water splashing sounds) But that's it. And if you want a caramel. sauce you would make it basically the same way, only. you use dark brown sugar. Versus or light brown sugar,. one of the brown sugars. And y'all know my beautiful,. beautiful ice scoop that a friend sent me. I love this ice scoop so much All right. See how it just rolls through there. - [Lady] Mm-Hmm - You put that under. - [Lady] Yum. (light chuckle) Oh, I wish this was cool. (clanking sounds) That's okay. Ice cream is just as good melted. - So we need spoons. - [Lady] Well, we just gave you a spoon. - I know, but we need three, for tasting. And the dishes are clean. here in the dishwasher. Aren't they Eddie? - [Cameraman] Yes. - Okay so... (clattering sounds) Gosh the dishwasher's still hot. All right. Y'all gig in. - [Lady] Okay, poor Eddy in the camera. - Yeah poor, - [Lady] He does get a lot of food though. - He does. - [Lady] We feed him after. (ticking sounds) This reminds me of.... - We're double dipping. What? - [Lady] You know, the. chocolate sauce that you do with and you can scoop your ice cream cone in. - Mm-hmm. - You could do that with. this and it would harden. Cause see how it's hardening on... - I don't know. - [Lady] Look at that though. - Yeah. - [Lady] I don't think you can do it after the first one but I think... - Yeah. - [Lady] Wow, that's good. - All right. Not everybody got a cherry, so... Somebody's cherry. - [Lady] Oh boy. That's great. - Delicious. I love things that are quick. and easy and simple to do. Like Theresa said y'all,. she had been so surprised (water splashing sounds) - [Lady] At how easy it is to cook. - Yes, yes. And you know I tell everybody. if you can read, you can cook. So, - [Lady] And I'm not... I'm an old dog. This isn't like... I'm not. like one of those young whippersnappers trying. to learn how to cook. - Old dogs can learn new. tricks though Teresa. - They can, that's what I'm saying. - So tomorrow, I'm gonna make. y'all a chocolate fudge pie to put ice cream on top of it and top it with the chocolate syrup. Happy Valentine's Day.