- I'm sharing with y'all the last recipe for apples that I'm preparing to share with y'all. Bobby's gonna be bringing in. the fifth and final recipe, but this is it for me. with the apples y'all, everything we've made has been so good. All right. We might have saved best for last, I don't know. I don't know how you. feel about cheesecake, that's what we're doing this time. And I'm gon' start with two cups of flour, and half a cup of brown sugar, and we just gonna cut that in. I'm gonna bring it down here, where it's not so high up for me. So I'm just gonna mix up our brown sugar and our flour. And now, I'm gonna take two. sticks of butter, y'all. And this'll, this is, this process will take a few minutes, but, that's all right, it'll be worth it. So I'm just slicing our two sticks of butter, into our flour and brown sugar. That'll just make it. easier for me to cut it in, rather than just dropping. the whole stick in there. See what I'm saying?. (Paula chuckling) Okay. This is so nice and soft though. It's not gonna be any problem. Okay. I love I love saving these, and using 'em to butter my pan with, so things won't stick. Just take it and turn it, and butter your pan. But on this particular recipe, we are recommending that that you cover your 13x9x2 in tin foil. So we're not gonna need. that for that purpose. So we just gon' cut this. into our flour mixture, until it's like crumbly. All right, I got the bulk of it blended with the pastry cutter, but then I have come in at the end with one of my rubber spatulas, and just incorporated the little bit that maybe didn't get quite mixed together good using this, so, finished it up with a spatula, and it's nice, and good and crumbly. So, I'm gonna take our dough now, and I'm gon' try to press it. (alarm buzzing). Uh-oh. - [Theresa] Sorry about that. - What's going on, Theresa? - [Theresa] This timer. doesn't (indistinct) - All right, so I'm. gonna take out our dough. And like I said, I'm gon' press this. out as evenly as I can. Okay. Here we go. I may have to spray my hands with a little non-stick. I don't know, we'll see. There's plenty of butter there, so I should be able to do it. And this too will take just a few minutes to get it perfectly even. This does take a few minutes y'all, but just be patient and you'll get it. All right. I've got it as evenly as I can for the moment, and now, I'm gon' put this in a preheated 350-degree oven, and I'm gonna bake this. for about 15 minutes, or until it's light brown. While our crust is baking, I'm gon' go ahead and make the strudel topping for our cheesecake. And to do that, I'm using my brown sugar, oatmeal, you know, why did I get. out such a small bowl? I don't know. I forgot what I was making. Okay, so I'll transfer it. to a little larger bowl. And my flour, and now a nice, softened stick of butter. And this topping kinda reminds me of you know, kinda like a topping that you would put on a apple crisp, or even like the sweet potato casserole. You know how it's got that. strudel crunch top to it? Well, this is gonna be. just about like that. So, all we wanna do is. just cut our shortening, our butter into our dry ingredients, and we're gonna have it ready, and our crust should be. ready in just one minute. I've had it in the oven about 10 minutes. All right, now I'm gonna let these take over, which is what God intended for us to use, so I'm just gonna work. that in with my hands. And my hands will help. soften the butter even more, because, I'm still alive.. (Paula laughing) And my, and my hands are warm, which is a good sign, y'all. Every day you wake up on. the right side of the dirt, it's a good day. Just take care of your. problems and move on. And if you don't have no problems, even better. Sit back and kick your feet up, and wait for your apple. cheesecake to get ready. Okay. It's coming together so good, and you can see it's crumbly. It's gonna be delicious y'all. And I know it may seem like. a kind of a long recipe, but it's really not. You know, if you go ahead, and get up all your ingredients, have them set up, it's just like three steps. And my next step, really my last step, is making the cream cheese, the actual cheesecake. I have two eight-ounce packages of cream cheese in my bowl, and I'm going to beat these until they're smooth, no lumpy, lump, lumps, with my sugar. Then I'll be adding one egg at the time, and then we're gonna pour that on top of our warm crust. Okay, so here we go. I'm gon' let this get. beat up for a few minutes, (mixer whirring) just to make sure it's nice and creamy. Now I'm gonna add my sugar, and just beat all this until it's nice and incorporated. And I'm going to stop a couple a times, and incorporate the ingredients. on the side of my bowl, into the bottom part of my bowl, because they won't get mixed in good, if you don't, if you don't do that, so.. (mixer whirring) Gonna add my eggs one at the time. (mixer whirring) All right, we're gon' get. those sides back down again. Oh my gosh, that looks so good and so creamy. I think cheesecake might be one of America's. favorite desserts, don't you think? Every restaurant you go into, has some form a cheesecake. All right, my last egg. And while I got that stopped, I'm going gonna go ahead. and add my vanilla too. And I'm gon' put about. two teaspoons of vanilla. (mixer whirring) We're gettin' close! (mixer whirring) Look at this. You know, it's been a little bit, since I've made a cheesecake, so I'm excited. All right, now we're gonna pour this onto our warm crust. And the reason we precooked the crust, is we wanted to make completely sure that it got done all the way through. So, a a good way to see that that happens is precooking it for a few minutes. I'm gon' have to turn this around. I'm right-handed, not left-handed. Whoa. Michael, Groover's gonna be sorry he left when he did, Daddy. He went and took a nap too, too soon. Right? All right. I think I'm gon' just. leave that in that bowl. All right. I've got my diced apples, y'all, and I'm tossing some cinnamon in there, and some fresh, grated. nutmeg that I grated, and a little bit of sugar. So I'm just gonna toss those around in the spices and the sugar. So this is where we get. our apple cheesecake. So we're gon' to do those. as evenly as we can. This is like having your cake, and eating it too, you know? I mean, it's like a apple pie, a Grandgirl's Apple Cake from Georgia, and a cheesecake.. (Paula laughing) It's a wonderful world. Alrighty. All right, and last comes our streusel. And this too should be just kinda evenly sprinkled over. Oh, this looks so good. Michael is gon' love this, 'cause his favorite dessert that his mama made was a was a apple crunch, or a pear crunch? Anyway, it had a crunchy top on it. And this has reminded me. of what he's described that his mother used to bake. for him on his birthday. (Paula chuckling) That, and a banana cake. Okay, that's it. It's going in the oven, y'all. 350. And let's see, let me jog my memory. It doesn't really say. how long it's gonna take. - [Theresa] I think it does, I think it says 25 minutes. - I didn't see it anywhere, but that doesn't mean. it's not there, Theresa. - [Theresa] At 350, bake 30 minutes.. - Okay. - [Theresa] Until filling is set. - Okay, okay, it's hot now. It's hot, 'cause it just came out of the oven. 30 minutes at 350, right? - [Theresa] That's correct. - It's time to taste our cheesecake. I don't know if it's cool enough, y'all, but we're gonna try. And I'm gon' try to make sure I don't chew on tin foil. Like I said, I really think it's a little too soon to be cutting this, but we are gonna do it anyway. It looks good, y'all. Look at that. And that tin foil kept our plate so clean. All right, now for a little drizzle of caramel. Who's hungry?. (Paula laughing) That looks very, very good. I love the combination, like I said, it's it reminds me of my regular cheesecake. It reminds me of Grandgirl's Apple Cake, a lot of nice flavors going on. Mm. Come taste Theresa, get your fork. And you bite into those fresh apples. Mm. I love the streusel topping on it. - [Theresa] I like all of it.. (Theresa laughing) I like a crust. - Mm-hmm, I do too. And the apple, the, the.. the way the apple kept its shape, and it's a little crispy, it's really good.. - [Theresa] I like it warm. - Mm-hmm, I do too. - [Theresa] I know that. cheesecake is supposed to be.. - Cold.. - Cold, but that's very good. - It's delicious. With fall coming up, and pumpkin season is gonna. be upon us very, very soon, I think.. and between the pumpkin and. the apples being in season, I think y'all will love this. - [Theresa] It is amazing. - So you know that we are. sending y'all loving best dishes, and we highly recommend this one, y'all. It's a winner.