- Hey everybody, Bobby Deen here. I'm fillin' in for my Mom, a little bit. You know, it's hard to believe, but we're really only about. six weeks away from Christmas. I just, where's the time go, I've no idea. It seems like it was just. the 4th of July, right? We were just celebrating that. But it is time to start making all these delicious side dishes and casseroles, and incorporated fruit, and sugar, and butter and. all these wonderful things that we all enjoy so much. at this time of the year. I love Fall, and this is a very Fall, I'm gonna call it a casserole, but it's a really nice side dish. So, for your Thanksgiving. dinner or your Christmas dinner, or for your next party,. this is a great side dish, a warm casserole that incorporates. lots of different fruits that you might not expect. And also some curry, which. is a little different. So, it's really easy and. let's blow through it, okay? I've got a round casserole dish here, and I'm gonna start by very simply dumping in some canned peaches. You know, we talk about this all the time, and things are not always in season, things are not always easy to find, and I don't mind using canned fruit, or canned vegetables, or whatever, you know, you gotta do from time to time. So, what we've got here. are peaches and apricots, which are both nice. We've got pineapple and also pear. - [Theresa] Yum. These are wonderful, wonderful fruits that I like all of these individually. So together, they should. really be fantastic. And you want to mix it up a little bit. So you've got, and my hands are clean. They've been washed and. I will wash them again. But you want to sort of. make it to where, you know, you got your fruit, sort of, you don't want one big. clump of apricots over here. And one big clump of. peaches you want to sort of get it all married together. - [Theresa] Bobby, do. the triplets like fruit? - Our children love fruit. Yeah, they do. They in fact our kids, yeah. I've got one that won't. eat really neat at all. All she really wants is fruit. So it's funny how three people. can come from the same place at the very same time and be so different. And the child that I'm talking. about that likes fruits. I think our favorite fruit is tomatoes and we've got a beautiful garden at home. We're so fortunate and. we've got cherry tomatoes growing on the vine back. there, not for much longer, but she likes to walk through. the garden and pick them and just eat them right off the vine. And that is a beautiful. sight to behold for me. Okay, so we've got the. fruit in the casserole dish, and now let's mix. together some brown sugar. - [Theresa] This is a. quarter cup brown sugar and a quarter cup of white sugar. Thank you, Theresa. - [Theresa] I'll help you out on this. - Quarter cup of each. And here is the unexpected. The curry. - [Theresa] I love the. way this stuff smells. - It does smell great. - Now that's one and a half teaspoons, but you can really kind of do it to, you know, you can do it. less or you can do more. - And to that, we'll add. some butter, melted butter. - Now Bobby you know what- - Looks like about a half stick. - We need to put our cherries in, too. We almost forgot our cherries. - Uh, oh. Sorry, cherries. Not that you don't matter.. - [Theresa] Look at that. - You know you're important.. - [Theresa] Look how pretty. - That's okay, the cherries. can sparkle right on top. And you know what I'm gonna do? (whispering) Pour in that little bit of that cherry juice, okay? - [Theresa] (whispering) You. can never have enough juice. - Waste not, want not. And look, I'm just shaking. I know I'm gonna have to use my hands. We'll just get them down in there. It looks very, very nice. I'm just gonna mix these. sugars and the butter and the curry together. And make a little bit of, you know, when I look at this, I kind. of think like a crumble. You know what I mean?. This is, or you know what? My cousin Don, let me give. him credit, used a good term. When we were discussing. this recipe, he said, "It's really just sort of. a baked fruit cocktail." I think that's a good description too. We gotta lotta good cooks in the family. And my cousin, Don is one of 'em. Our family tree is loaded with good cooks. - [Theresa] I think cousin. Don is gonna be in some videos with your Mom. - Oh, really? What a treat for all of. Mama's friends out there. You're gonna love cousin Don. He's an awesome guy. I can only say one. negative thing about him. And that is that he graduated from the University of Florida. (cackles) And it just so happens that he's standing right over there to hear that. But I got to give you a "Go dog," especially this year because. the University of Georgia is so good. - [Don] They are. And the University of Florida is so bad. I'm not, you know, whatever. Okay. So let's see how we can sort of try to evenly spread our butter sugar. - [Theresa] And there is also, Bobby, a spatula either behind. you or in the drawer. - Yeah. Let me try to just-. - That might help. - Use the spoon and just. spread it around a little bit. Let's just get it all in there. first. Let's start there. Everybody in the boat. It is that time of year. These are the type of things. that we're all looking forward to smelling in our mothers'. or grandmothers' kitchens and all the sorts of things that bring back those great. memories of our Thanksgivings in Statesboro for me, or. you know, down in Albany, where we're from, you know, and there's just, there's nothing like special memories. And as you get older and as. you begin to lose people, you know, those memories. become more and more special. God rest my Daddy's soul.. I lost him last year. And whenever I'm making a good. meal or eating a good meal, I really think about my Dad. and, you know, family and food. These things go together. And it's a beautiful tradition to uphold. It's a good thing to, you know, teach your children how to. cook and enjoy good food with your family at home. We like to eat a lot of. meals at home, we do. My wife and I cook for. our children all the time. And it's just, you know, even- - [Theresa] Watcha doin' now, Bobby? - I'm adding some walnuts. I'm talkin' is what I'm doin'. - [Theresa] You mean some pecans. - Pecans, I'm sorry. Pee-can, pecan, walnut, whatever. - [Theresa] But you could do- - It's pecans, yeah, we're from Georgia. These are good old. Georgia pecans right here. So, but we cook at home. a lot for our family. And I think, that you should too. So if you're not already doing that, y'all get in the kitchen. together and laugh and talk and have a good time. Okay, so I've got my oven. pre-heated at 400 degrees and I'm gonna bake this. for about 20 or 25 minutes. So we'll see you in about. 20 or 25 minutes, okay? Welcome back, everybody. Our Curried Fruit Casserole. has come out of the oven and it just really looks great. It's fantastic.. - [Theresa] It's pretty. - [Theresa] I love all the colors. - It's really pretty. Love all the colors. The aroma is really, really nice. And I'm excited about the curry to see what that adds to the dish. So I'm going to just take. a page out of Mama's book. I'm gonna spoon right out. of the casserole dish here. Just sort of put it back together and make sure it doesn't. look too tampered with. Mm! Mm! - [Theresa] It's good. Isn't it? - Mm! - [Theresa] You're surprised. Aren't you? - Oh, I am. - [Theresa] My Mom used to. make this for bridge parties. - Don, that's wonderful. The curry is really nice.. It's right at the front. You get it immediately when. you taste the casserole, but it is, it's soft. I don't know if it's. because it's been baked and because it's in there. sort of with the juices from the fruit or not, but the curry is soft and it's mellow and it goes beautifully with the fruit and the pecans are a nice touch on top. This is excellent. Okay? This is the first time I've ever made it. That's the first time I've tasted. I'm pleasantly surprised. at how nice it is. Please make this for your. family and your friends at your next holiday event. or your next Christmas party or Thanksgiving is coming up. Man, y'all make this. That is excellent.