- Oh! (laughter) I didn't know Eddie was rolling, y'all. Um, you caught me with my. britches bout halfway up. (laughter) So, I told you earlier that uh, I had another recipe from up North, another recipe from New Hampshire, y'all and this too is from. Eddie's mother, Carol, and um, it's raisin pie. Now, I have never made a. raisin pie in my whole life and I'm so excited and Eddie, I want you to. share your memories with us about this pie. - [Eddie] This is actually. a cranberry raisin pie. - Oh, cranberry raisin,. yes I see that now. - [Eddie] Um, and I remember my uh, my. mother's mother I believe made it and um, I remember as a child, it. was one of those desserts that was on like the adult table with like the Rum balls, so you know, I think I. was a little bit older before I tried it, but it's, it's one of those desserts. that has the kind of like sweet, you know a sweet. and then tang to it. - Well, I thought this sounded very adult. - [Eddie] Yeah. - Like, so you have me. cooking two cups of sugar with two tablespoons of corn starch and a half a cup of water and Carol tells us to cook. that for about five minutes. So I think it's been five. minutes, don't you Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes. - [Paula] So now, I am gonna add um, one cup of raisins, four cups of fresh cranberries, oops, maybe I need to be using. - [Eddie] The big whisk? - [Paula] The big whisk. (laughter) All right. Four cups of cranberries and one tablespoon of. a grated orange rind. So, this, right now it kinda. sounds like cranberry sauce, doesn't it? A good old homemade cranberry sauce 'cause I, this is what I like to put in my cranberry sauce when I make it. So it said bring this to a rapid boil. Oh, and looks it's thick, Eddie. I hope I didn't cook it too long. - [Eddie] Um, I think you cook until you start hearing the. - [Paula] Well, I'm talking. about the first round, the two cups of sugar and the cornstarch and a half a cup of water, I hope I didn't cook it. over the five minutes that your mother has told us to cook it. Yeah, now these should start. popping open like any second and I'm gone, I'm gonna wash my whisk. If you'll watch that pot. for me please, Eddie. I bet you know how do that. for your mama, did you? - [Eddie] Uh, no. - [Paula] I bet you did. I bet you did. Okay, I just love this small whisk, but when you're using a big pot, it does have a tendency to, and y'all you know I'm living. in Bobby's guest house. It's located next to his. house that his family lives in and it's got that induction top and I'm really trying to adjust um, my cooking to this stove and when I think I've got. it, then I don't got it. (laughter) So uh, I'm doing, I'm doing pretty good, but I just love cooking with gas because when you want it on, it's on, and when you want it off, it's off. Hear em popping, Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes. - So it said bring to a rapid boil, so I'm gonna turn this up, I'm gonna turn this stove top up to high. All right, now it's. starting to boil, Eddie. So was this passed down from. your grandmother to, or um? - [Eddie] I would say I. guess, it was probably. - [Paula] Did it come from a restaurant? - [Eddie] I think it would. have been my mother's mother. - Oh, and you know what? Those are the best recipes because uh, they come with so many memories and most of those memories are wonderful. - [Eddie] Yes. - How long has your grandmother been gone? - [Eddie] Oh gosh, I think I was in junior high. school when she passed away. - So it's been a long time. - [Eddie] So we had a mix,. this, this recipe and um, some of the others, um, could have been like from. the Canadian French side from my grandmother. - Well I would love to hear, 'cause your grandmother was. Canadian, French, Polish? - [Eddie] No, no, no. - Okay, the Polish side. is from your father? Okay. All right Eddie, look at that, that's a rapid boil, isn't it? - [Eddie] Yes, I would say. - [Paula] All right. I'm gonna cut this off and um, did your grandma speak French? - [Eddie] No. - She didn't? - [Eddie] No, I don't, I don't think so. (laughter) - But she had some kinda accent, surely. - [Eddie] I think, I. think she just had a uh, a New England accent. - And what's a New England accent? Is it like ca? And pock? - [Eddie] Yeah, like Boston. - I love that accent, I just love it. Love it, love it. All right so, Carol tells us. to let this cool completely and we're gonna, we're just using frozen. ready to go pie crust. You know, I don't have a. problem with these at all, although I don't like the. tin pan that it comes in, that's a dead giveaway, but you know, it's. actually a good product. I also like uh, the refrigerated pie dough. because you unroll it and you can put it in your own pie pan, so nobody would know. that you hadn't made it, mixed it up yourself and. if you like a thick crust, you know, it comes with two,. two crusts, two pie crusts, and I have put them. one on top of the other if I wanted a thicker. crust and do it that way and it, it's good, it. gives you a lot of crust. All right, so I've got. the second crust here and uh, after it has set out here and got more at room temperature, I'm gonna take this out of the pan and I'm gonna roll it a little bit and uh, because this is, this is a two. crust pie that we're making, so we'll roll this out. and we'll put it on top of our cranberries and raisins and we will um, brush it with a egg wash. Okay, it's about ready to come out. Okay, so it's gonna take. a while for this to cool, so I won't be gone long. Y'all go get ya something to drink, go to the bathroom, call a friend, do whatever you need to do and I'll be here waiting. on y'all to come back. Who's ready to finish. the cranberry raisin pie? I am. I am, so this has gotten. cool for us, y'all, and I'm just gonna, look, look, look, look at that beautiful pie. Eddie just said, oh, with. some vanilla ice cream. He said it's so good. But now, I'm like your mother, Eddie, I don't know if the children will be very crazy about this one because I just tasted. it and it's very tart, it'll make your lips pucker. (laughter) Hm, look at that, that filled up that pie and we're using a deep dish, right? - [Eddie] Yes. - [Paula] A deep dish pie. Okay. So, I got our second crust rolled out and then I'm gonna try to just fold this, the extra under to make a little thicker crust and then we'll see if we can't kinda pretty it up a little bit by using a fork on it, or our thumbs. I'm glad to see that Eddie's mother made this a two crust pie because that's gonna help. cut some of the tartness, right Eddie? - [Eddie] Oh yeah. - [Paula] Oh honey, I'm fixing. to put sugar on top of it. (laughter) I've got some Turbinado sugar that I think I'm gonna sprinkle on it. Let's see, I think, I think that I will just rather fork this, it looks like that kinda pie to me. So that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get a little flour and a fork and I'm gonna get my tongues in the flour. This really reminds me. of an old timey pie, when your grandmother just used to, didn't do anything fancy, just used her fork and made that really. homemade looking crust. This is gonna look like a. cherry pie cooking, Eddie, you know it? - [Eddie] Yeah it will, yeah you know, it kinda has that tart, you know. - [Paula] Uh huh, cherry pie is tart. - [Eddie] I think adding. the raisins adds you know, the extra sweetness. - [Paula] Listen, I love. raisins on my salad, or anything like that because um, the sweetness that the. raisin brings to the table, is so good. So that's very pretty, isn't it? Very homemade-y looking. That flour will bake off but now, look, I was looking for my egg y'all. (laughter) And look. - [Eddie] The bad elf. - [Paula] Look who stole my egg. That elf on the shelf. (laughter) I think he might be the. naughty elf, you think? He looks a little devilish. (laughter) All right, go find you something else to mess with, Elvie. My grandchildren all love, I was out at Jamie's, Eddie and I went out to Jamie. and Brooke's the other night and Maddie had to show me. where the elf at his house had flown and that elf had flown up to like the top of a tall mirror. I mean, he must, he must. have good wings or something. All right, now where is that brush? Here we go. Now this, this uh, egg wash is gonna give this pie a beautiful sheen. It's gonna just shine. Because you know we eat. this first with our eyes. I have to make sure we get that flour work covered up good. All right, and Theresa said, gosh, that would be good. with some sugar on it. And I thought, I am with you, sister. I've got some Turbinado sugar in here and I love to put that on some. of my cookies that I bake. It's so good, now all I. have to do is find it. Let's see, that's a coconut sugar and this is the Turbinado. and this is the Turbinado and this one's open,. so let's use this one. Now this pie only has to bake like 25 minutes, y'all. So that's pretty short for a pie. So what y'all think, kiddies? (laughter) I know! All right, now I'm gonna. take, oh, it's a heavy pie. And every bit of its. gonna go to my middle. Okay, now I've topped it. with our Turbinado sugar and this is it, you just get. it from the grocery store, it's in the same department. as your regular sugar and now, I'm gonna cut some slits in this so it will vent. And I'm gonna give it. just like three slits. Or maybe I'll do four. Or who knows? I think five would be better and another right there. just for good measure. Okay, so we'll be able to see that beautiful red cranberry. bubbling out of there. So 25 minutes on what, 375? Eddie, is that right? Yes. And Carol, Eddie's mother, said, I brush the crust with a. little milk or an egg wash. 375 to 400 for 25 minutes,. or until crust is brown, but for this oven, you know, I don't know it as well as I knew my own ovens, so I'm, I'm gonna cook this one at 375 and that little beep just told me that our oven had reached. the temperature of 375, so I'm gonna set my timer for 25 minutes and this is going in the oven. Whoa! Did y'all about see that? (laughter) That's why you should. always use two hands. I'm gonna put him back in the center, that's one, that's one. beautiful pie, Eddie. So in 25 minutes, how long do we have to let it cool before we can taste it? - [Eddie] Dig right in. - Huh? - [Eddie] Dig right in. - Dig right in. (laughter) Okie doke. We'll see you for the tasting. I want y'all to look at this. beautiful raisin cranberry pie. Look how beautiful. The Turbinado sugar that I. put on top of the egg wash, it's just made it so. shiny and so beautiful. I don't know though if this has cooled down. enough for us to slice it, but would y'all like for me to try? Who would like for me to? Okay, so Theresa and Eddie say yes. I'm saying there's a good chance that it can run everywhere. Because. - [Theresa] When has that ever stopped us? - [Paula] I know. (laughter) Look at that, it looks. like a cherry pie, y'all. Look at that. Uh oh. I got some cleaning up to do. (laughter) It's gonna run, y'all. It's gonna run. - [Theresa] It's running? - [Paula] It's running,. but not real, real bad. Hm, hm. If I didn't know. - [Theresa] I was gonna. say, that's a good run. - [Paula] If I didn't know better, I would say it was a cherry pie. Okay, I only see one fork here. - [Theresa] Well who else needs to, I mean, this is mine. (laughter) - [Paula] So you saying. Eddie and I don't need one? - [Theresa] Y'all can share that. - There you go. Come on, let's bite into it. That crust is just amazing. - [Theresa] Yum! That was not as tart as, I. thought it would be tarter. - That is delicious, Eddie. But to me, it is an adult pie. - [Eddie] Totally. - [Theresa] Yes, this is definitely not. - [Paula] And that top. crust on it, just makes it. - [Theresa] If this had. some cherries in it, in addition, I would love it. - [Paula] It still tastes like cherry pie. Eddie, well, I'm talking straight. to Carol Zorawowicz, thank you Carol for giving these recipes to your son so he could share them with everybody, you're so sweet and I've, I miss not being able to see you and I know your son definitely has. How long has it been. Eddie, like three years? - [Eddie] Oh no, it's only. been a year since I saw her. - No, since I saw her. - [Eddie] Oh, since you saw her, yeah, yeah it's been three years. - That's what I thought. I don't remember. Just a year ago, but thank you Carol and if you got any more treasures, just give your son a call and we'll share them with. the rest of the world. So love and best dishes.