- Hey, y'all. It is a very, very rare occasion. that I take off my rings, because I'm so afraid I'm gonna lose 'em. But I'm sharing with y'all, we've had a lot of requests. from people that say, "Hey, Paula, show me how. to make a pie crust." So I'm gonna share with y'all Paula's Perfect Pie Crust. To me, it's easy. You do it all with your hands. And I like that. So if you need to grab a. pencil and a piece of paper, go ahead and do it now because. we are fixing to get started. We are using two and 1/2. cups of an all-purpose flour. Now this is enough for a two-crust pie. I'm adding three tablespoons of sugar. I think it was three tablespoons, yes. And 1/4 a teaspoon of salt. with a little dark flake in it. I'll get rid of the dark flake. And we're just gonna sift those together. And we've got our butter. chilled really good. And so I'm gonna take my 1/4 of a cup of solid shortening. Now I'm using, uh oh, there's a little piece. of tin foil on that. That wouldn't be good in a filling. So I'm gonna just break this up. And like I said, this is a. butter-flavored solid shortening. And we're just gonna. mix this up until it's, by the time we get the butter. and everything in there, it'll be really crumbly. And we wanna make sure,. y'all keep an eye on me because don't wanna overwork this crust because it'll get tough on us. To me, I think the best pie. crusts are made with lard. And you can actually buy. lard at your grocery store but you have to be careful because it doesn't. necessarily sell real fast so it can almost get a rancid smell to it. So you can pick up the box. and almost kind of smell it. 'Cause like I said, it's. not a fast moving item that, oh gosh, this feels frozen. Lordy mercy, lordy mercy. All right. All right, I'm using 12 tablespoons and this is actually eight. tablespoons and 1/2 a stick. Let me recheck myself, but I'm positive that it's eight tablespoons. I've already torn that paper. up so let's look over here. Two, four, six, eight,. yes. Eight tablespoons. So I'm gonna need four more, which is like 1/2 a stick. Okay. So I'm gonna cut this up. And like I said, you want. your butter real cold 'cause you don't want it to melt. All right, cut it one more time. This is gonna be a nice buttery. pie crust as you can see. And another four tablespoons,. that will give us the 12 tablespoons that we need. You know, pies are really. kind of a dying art. I remember growing up, you. could go in a restaurant, you know, especially the, like the local, locally-owned restaurants, and you could order a. fabulous piece of pie. And there is still a place, I think, that's still serving those. wonderful homemade pies up. And oh, oh gosh. Where did we go on top of that mountain? (laughing) I can't remember. I know there's a casino. Cherokee, Cherokee, North Carolina. There is a restaurant there that serves wonderful homemade pies. But it's getting harder. and harder to find. I think most of the pies that. you get in a restaurant now are probably ordered from food purveyors, because pies can be tricky. They can be a lot of work. You know what? I'm gonna. have to take this watch off. - [Eddie] I think it's the. clasp on your bracelet. - Well, it may be making noise, too, but that watch was what. I was hearing hard. This is my brother's bracelet that he wore up until he passed away. And I just like to have it on my wrist because I feel like. he's never far from me. Okay, so you see, I'm just really working this. with my hands, my fingers. And we want this, when we get through, we want it to be like a. really, like a cornmeal almost. And after I get this mixed up, we're gonna have to put some. ice water in it for the liquids and then we're gonna have to. put it in the refrigerator and let it chill for about 30 minutes because as I work this, that butter is getting. softer and softer and softer. So when I get through, it. will look like cornmeal and not to bore y'all. Run to the kitchen, get you. something to drink. (laughs) And when you come back, I'll have this stuff looking. like a coarse cornmeal. Okay, y'all can see how. this looks like a crumbly, kind of coarse cornmeal. Now we're gonna start. adding our ice water. And it's important that you add ice water. You can see I have ice in my measuring cup and we're probably gonna use anywhere between 1/4 and 1/2 a cup of ice water. And we're just gonna work that. in until we can form a ball. And like I said, we don't. want to overwork this so I'm gonna try to do. this pretty quickly. And then it's gonna go in the refrigerator and sit for about 30 minutes. That butter helps it stick. together really good. So I've used probably a. little bit more than 1/4. Okay. So you can see how easy that was. No mixer, no nothing. All right. So that's pretty dough,. y'all, it's a pretty dough. And we got that together pretty quick. Now I'm gonna halve it and wrap it and put it in the refrigerator. Gonna kind of mash it into a disk so it will chill a little bit quicker. Shoulda pulled out my wax. paper first. (chuckles) Wax paper or parchment paper. I am getting, I'm getting. pie crust all over! Where is the end of that? There it is. These, there we go. Sometimes these cutters. are not all that great on parchment paper and wax paper. Okay. So you can see, we. worked that very, very quickly. We didn't work it long after we got the ice water in it. So let me go ahead and get us. out another piece of wax paper for the next disk. It's a beautiful pastry, y'all. And it should be like no-fail for you. Okay! 30 minutes. And we should be able. to roll that out nicely. Cross your fingers! Some people say they don't. like making pie crust, they don't turn out. So hopefully this will. make you feel differently about a homemade pie crust. And if all else fails, y'all, just make a graham cracker crust, graham cracker crumbs and butter. And a little sugar. That one never fails. Okay y'all, here we go. Our pie dough is nice and chilled. So I'm gonna put a little flour down and you can see I'm using one. of my favorite cutting boards that I came out with at all. times, of all, all times because you see, it's got. pie crust measurements on it. So it tells you how big you have to roll it. So we're going to about a 10-inch, between a nine and a 10, y'all. So you're just gonna gently roll it until we get where we're going. We wanna just keep adding a little flour because we don't want it to, we don't want it to stick to anything. And I'll check underneath and make sure, ooh, see, it's kind of. wanting to stick again so we'll put more flour. And then we'll lift this. side and look over here. And it needs more flour. over here, too, so. There we go, back to rolling. And you'll just want. to go round and round, trying to keep it in a circle. And this ain't nearly like. rolling out dumplings. This is a softer dough so it actually rolls out pretty good. Okay, now that's more, more than enough 'cause we have gone over our 10-inch mark. So I like to do a little bit more. I like to roll it a little. bit more than I need to because I like to have some extra crust so I can fold it under to make us a nice, pretty crust on the rim of our, see just. like that, just tuck that under, tuck the extra under. And we gonna have a nice, pretty, in fact may have to take some of it off. Okay. So that's very, very, pretty. Pretty, pretty crust. All right, now I'm gonna show you, if it's not thick enough in places, I got a little extra left so I'll just stick that underneath in the places that it. came up a little short. - [Eddie] And this is a. really old-fashioned deep pie. - This is an old-fashioned deep dish pie. And the pie, the, pie plate that I'm using, it's old timey. You know, it's an old one that I had. Like I said, if it's short, just add that extra little. crust I had left over. Kind of make it even. - [Eddie] This would be. good for a chicken pot pie. - This would be delicious. for a chicken pot pie. Yes, Eddie, you are correct. Now, I'm gonna show you a couple of ways that you can do this. To me, well the easiest way is to fork it. And it's probably, I mean it looks, makes it look very homemade,. but this is the easiest. See the way I've just forked that around? But to me, I like to do it the way. I'm fixing to show you, to me it just looks a little prettier. And you'll want to make sure you get it pressed down in your pan real good. And depending on what. kind of pie you're making, it'll tell you to go ahead. and cook off your pie crust. But like, if you're making a pecan pie, you would just pour your. custard part of your pie straight onto a raw pie shell because it's gonna have to cook. And it might not be a bad idea to brush the bottom of your pie crust with a little egg wash. All right. So this is what I like to do. See the way I'm doing that? Pinch and pull, pinch and pull. - [Theresa] And then you're. gonna freeze that, right? - [Paula] I am gonna freeze this because we're not gonna. make a whole pie today. I just wanted to show. y'all how to make a crust. - [Theresa] How long can. these stay in the freezer? - [Paula] Oh gosh, I'd. say a good while, Theresa. You'll just want to cover. it and protect it, you know? - [Theresa] Wrap it up tight. - Mhm. Wrap it up tight. So this is it, y'all. It's really very, very simple. And the recipe is called. Paula's Perfect Pie Crust. So like I said, I'm. not baking a pie today. I just wanted to share with y'all how to make a pie crust. And, so I'm gonna give. you a couple of tips. If you're needing to bake. off your crust first, say, if you're gonna make a cream pie, like a chocolate cream. pie or coconut cream pie, you'll need to bake your crust off. And before you bake it,. you'll want to take your fork and prick all over your pie crust. And that is to keep from bubbles coming up because it will, if you don't prick it, a big old bubble could. show up in your crust, wanting to ruin your party, so. And I like to put down. parchment paper or wax paper and use my pie beans,. pour my pie beans on. And that keeps the bottom. of your pie intact. So that's my couple of hints for you as far as baking 'em off. And I do hope that you'll try it, try your hand at pie crusting 'cause it's really, really. not that complicated. But it sure is easy to. run to the grocery store and buy that frozen crust, y'all. But this is almost as easy. So there you go! Paula's Perfect Pie Crust. Happy bakin'!