- Hey, friends. You know, I was thinking, I'm so sorry that I. didn't share this recipe with y'all in time for Easter, but the good news is I. am sharing this recipe with y'all up for Mother's Day. So, how many of y'all out there. have ever made potato candy? Probably not a whole bunch of y'all, but that's what we gonna make today. And you can see right. here, this is, all right, I'm going to give you. the full measurements. It's two medium white potatoes that we've boiled and cooked until tender and in a little bit of salted water, and you drain 'em, mash 'em, and then measure out a. half a cup into a bowl, and you add the butter to the potatoes, blend well, and allow mixture to cool. And so now that it's cooled, we are going to mix in two. pounds of confectionate sugar. And I'm saying that if you. try to use white sugar, it would probably make it. really, really, really wet, so I'm gonna mix in this two pounds of confectionate sugar. I'm gon' mix it in by hand. I washed my hands. I've removed all my jewelry. and I'm just gon' go to it. Wow. Still really, really cold. So, wow. And that butter has gotten hard, but by using my hands, the warmth from my hands is gonna soften up that. butter really quick. And Theresa, would you come. do me one more favor, please? - [Theresa] Sure. What am I doing? - [Paula] Unscrewing that vanilla and- - [Eddie] Just has a foot. - [Paula] Put about a tablespoon, please. I think it calls for- - [Theresa] 1-1/2 teaspoons. - [Paula] Yeah, so, we'll double that. 'Cause we don't want it short on flavor. Thank ya. Thank you, thank you, Merdice. - [Theresa] You're welcome, welcome. - All right, so there's so many different varieties you can do with this candy. You can add nuts. You could add peanut butter, speaking of peanut butter balls. You could add coconut. If you wanted chocolate candy, you could add maybe a half a cup, a third of a cup of cocoa powder. You could, you know, the. fruit that they come out with, the candied fruit at Christmas time. You could put some of that in it. I mean, there's a lot of different ways. So, I've called in the cavalry, y'all. I have gotten where I. just, whoa. (chuckles) - Calm down. - Superman'll get it, won't he? I've just got where I. don't have much strength in my hands that I used to have, so there's some things you. really need to get married so you can have somebody to. help you make candy. (chuckles) And then you can excuse 'em after they've helped you. make the candy. (laughs) All right, so y'all,. I've decided I'm going to have to have some nuts. in some of the candy, so I'm got some chopped pecans right here, and I'm gon' mix this in. Okay, here we go. Now, the name of this recipe, y'all, is Ms. Helen's Easter Eggs. They said shape 'em into an. egg about the size of an egg, but I think that's a little much for one person to try to eat, so I'm gon' to make, oh, I wouldn't care for any more, baby. - [Michael] That's my egg. - Oh (laughs). You're a good egg. You're good egg maker. So, I'm gon' try to shape. mine like the shape of an egg, but I'm gon' make mine more. the size of a quail egg. Thank you, Michael. - [Michael] Oh, you're welcome. - I so appreciate you helping me. That made it go a lot faster. So, this is what they look like, y'all, and we made 'em in all different sizes, and for you real creative. people out there, you can, you know what? You could even roll this out and use cookie cutters,. Eddie, you know it? But the main thing is. what we got to do now. We've got to put 'em in the. frigerator for about an hour and let 'em get real hard again. Let that butter get hard, because we gon' to be dipping. 'em in melted chocolate, and I have my chocolate. back here on the stove in a double boiler, and I've got semi-sweet. chocolate and milk chocolate that I've mixed together, 'cause I really love the milk chocolate. So, thanks for helping me.. - Semi-sweet's bad? - [Paula] Yeah. (laughs) - [Michael] I can't believe. this is made out of a potato. - I know. Ms. Helen's Easter, what did she call 'em? - Easter Eggs.. - Ms. Helen's Easter Eggs. Yes. - I got a quick story for y'all. One time I asked Paula if you were stuck on a deserted island and you could only bring one. thing and one thing only, what would you bring? She says, "A potato." I said, "Just one potato?" She said, "Yeah, I just love potatoes." I said, "Okay." She said, "What would you bring?" I said, "A boat." (laughs) Then I would come get you and. your potato, and we go home. - Yeah, I'd come pick up you. and your stupid tater. (laughs) He's gotten me more. times than once, y'all, with them silly little riddles. Thank you, though, Michael. I'm gon' go put this in. the refrigerator, though, and hopefully you'll be around when it's time to dip 'em, okay? - Okay.. - Oh, and while I'm waiting for those to get hard again, I'm gon' to be trying to come up with a pretty way to. present 'em as like a gift for you to give to your mother, okay? And I say I. It's really Eddie. (chuckles) I know Eddie will come up with it, but I'm gon' help. (chuckles) So, y'all, let me tell. you what I wound up doing. So, you'll want to melt your chocolate of choice in the microwave, and don't overdo it like I did 'cause it will get back. hard on you. (chuckles) So, like I said, just make sure you don't. over-melt your chocolate, but so let me tell y'all what I did. I kept tasting 'em, and I thought, you know, I just. want another flavor in here, so I took some of it and I. put almond extract in it. Oh my goodness. It took it to another level. So, like I said, there's. so many things you can do. And I found a box that I had bought a nightlight. in the other day, and I thought, oh my. gosh, that's so pretty. I took my, oh, now my. hands are all chocolatey. But look, it's a perfect. gift for Mother's Day. Isn't that wonderful, y'all? And you can just go out in your yard and cut you some greenery and you have a wonderful gift for Mama. So, I want to wish all you girls out there a very happy Mother's Day. And being a mother is one of. the hardest jobs in the world, so congratulations,. and happy Mother's Day. Sweets for the sweet. See, we put 'em in little muffin cups? So pretty. (chuckles)