- Hey y'all I'm in my old kitchen on Turner's Creek and those. that have followed me for years, y'all will recognize this kitchen because I shot in this kitchen for years. So, I'm back in it! Michael and I have come full circle, we're right back where. it started (laughs). We at the scene of the crime (laughs). - It's a good crime. - That's the wall that. my two dogs ran around and found Michael propped. on his chain link fence smokin' a cigarette and. talkin' on his cell phone. And you know what, 16 years later, the only thing he doesn't do any different is he aint smokin' cigarettes.. - Exactly. - It's cigars now. And they stink so bad. So, the team and myself, my team, Eddie. My team, Theresa. And my team, Paula. That's our team (laughs). And we got together and we. talked about Christmas cookies and we thought it would be fun to do the 12 days of Christmas cookies. Well, when we opened up. Paula Deen's Family Kitchen in Nashville Tennessee,. there was a cute young man that was our photographer and his name was Phillip Feldman, Fryman, F-r-y-m-a-n and he is really really. loyal to southern cooking and he has his own Facebook page and it's called, and. we'll send you the link so that you can go there and. find out more about Phillip, but it's Phillip. - Southern FATTY.. - Uh-huh. I think it's just Phillip,. not his second name, but just Phillip and southern and Southern FATTY. Now the FATTY is all. capital F-A-T-T-Y .com. So it's PhillipSouthernFATTY,. capitals, .com. So, Phillip, you did so good the day we were up there takin' pictures and the grand opening. and the ribbon cutting of that restaurant was so. so exciting for all of us and I appreciate. everything you did darling to capture it on paper. And not just, out there in the waves, in those computer waves. So I decided, after. Theresa spoke with you, you gave us permission to. use your favorite cookie that your mother makes every Christmas. (dogs barking) Whoa, who is it? (dogs barking) Hush! So I have had this cookie years ago, I'm almost thinking my grandma. Paul might have made it. But I don't know that I've ever made it. So Phillip, I'm thrilled to. death to get your recipe. And it's called cornflake cookies and it's an easy recipe,. prep time maybe 15 minutes. Cook time about 15 minutes. So this is really gonna go quick. So I can't wait to try you and. your mama's cornflake cookies And we're gonna start off by. beating two sticks of butter. Y'all aint shy about all the. butter and Crisco (laughs) used in this recipe. - [Theresa] That's. southern cooking though. - I know, it's southern cooking! And this is butter. flavored solid shortening. I think you know who makes it, they've been around for 100 years. So, we are just gonna beat these. All right, let's see, cream. butter, sugar and shortening until just, no until. well combined on this. So, I'm gonna beat this for a minute and then I'm gonna throw in our sugar. Theresa and I was just in a conversation. (dogs barking) Hush Lulu! We were just in a. conversation about whether you're supposed to use like frosted flakes or just plain cornflakes and Theresa said, I'm adding two cups of sugar, ya'll, and Theresa said well I. bought just plain old frosted, I mean plain old cornflakes. because frosted flakes has a whole bunch of sugar! And since we just put two. cups of sugar in here, Theresa felt like we. did not need any extra. - [Theresa] But what does Paula think? - What does Paula think? A little more sugar didn't. never hurt nothin' (laughs). - [Theresa] So you would. be using frosted flakes. - Except my belly, no Theresa, since I didn't see frosted anywhere, I'd a stood up there and I'd. have a debate with myself. But I would probably would have. just settled on what he said cornflakes.. - It's unusual for you Paula to follow a recipe.. - I know (laughs). I know it, ha-ha. So Phillip, you're just a dear and I'm so proud for the first recipe of 12 days of Christmas is yours! Okay, so that seems to be pretty good. All right, now let's see. what his next step is. He tells us to sift. together flour, baking soda. - [Theresa] On the left hand side. - Over here, cream of tartar, right here. And, okay, how much salt did he say? - [Theresa] Half a teaspoon, I believe. - Half a teaspoon, yes. So let's see what I. can transfer this with, I think I'll use this. So, this is all purpose flour. Plain flour or all purpose,. whatever you call it. I can't wait to taste this recipe and see if it rings the bell. All right, soda, tartar. And then half a teaspoon salt. You know, this sounds. like to me kinda like that potato chip cookie, Theresa. - [Theresa] Oh yeah. - Have you ever had the potato chip? - I have.. - Well my cousin Don, when he and Darleen come up. and spend Christmas with us, he makes that beautiful. cherry cookie every Christmas and we've done that for. years and years and years with Don and Darleen. - [Theresa] Is that the chocolate chunk? - No, it's the cherry cookies, with the icing on top. Oh my gosh, they are so good, and they look real Christmas-y. They good! So, and he also makes. that potato chip cookie which this reminds me of that cookie, yes. Come on flour, get through there. You know what I found. is the last ingredient to stay in the sifter? - The salt?. - Kosher salt. Stirring it up, put it. in there, all right. So let's see what little Phillip says. Did I leave, may I have. my measuring scoop please? Thank you! All right! So by hand, all right let's see, he said add this to the butter mixture and combine until just mixed. So that's what we're gonna do. He doesn't say to add it in small amounts, he just says add it to our butter mixture. I think I'll do it like two separate, two separate batches. Okay, this is gonna be very thick. A thick batter. All right, here we go. You know, every time I hear, "there we go" I think of that children's nursery rhyme. ♪ There we go round the mulberry bush ♪ ♪ The mulberry bush ♪ I'm trying to think, because. of the little triplets, they love for you to sing. And I've been workin' on. my nursery rhyme songs. Here we go! ♪ Here we go round the mulberry bush ♪ and oh my goodness, they. love "London Bridge" They love that one. - [Theresa] I'm thinking. what we get you at Christmas this year a CD of nursery rhymes. - Yes!. - And then that way you can practice.. - I would love that. But where would I play this? Where would I play that CD? - [Theresa] Maybe I'll. get it for you via iTunes this way you can put it on your iPad. - Oh okay.. - Play on your iPad. - Do we have a CD player, Eddie? - [Eddie] I don't think so. - I don't think I got one of those. - [Theresa] Isn't that sad? That's how far we've come along. that CD players are obsolete - They are?. - No, not really. They still have them in cars, I think! - Yeah.. - Half the people have them - Yeah I think I've got one in my car, but I have never, and Lord have mercy, what have I had that car, eight years? I have never figured out. how to put a CD in it. - [Theresa] You have. Sirius, don't you on your? - Yeah, yeah.. - They probably have a nursery rhyme channel,. they have everything. - If I was not computer illiterate, that would be a grand idea. - [Theresa] I have a feeling. Eddie can figure it out. - All right, let's see. I need a spatuler. And Phillip says to just. beat this until mixed. All right, we're gonna. try to sling some of that batter off without. slinging it all over us. Did I get you, Eddie?. - No (Paula laughing) - Look it went way out there. - [Eddie] This is a nice, deep counter. - Uh-huh, Eddie. But it about got you, it was close. All right, so Phillip tells. us to add the vanilla. - [Theresa] Two teaspoons. - Two teaspoons?. - Yes ma'am. - Thank you, 'cause. I've already forgotten. So Theresa, Theresas had a sick baby, her baby is sick and it's one. of those four legged babies. (laughs) And do you have your dog home? I meant to ask you. - [Theresa] I do, I bought him home. He has a little slipped. disk, bless his little heart. - A slipped disk and he's half, he's part. - I don't know.. - He's a dachshund. - He was a rescue.. - A rescue. - [Theresa] And he's got a little bit of, they told me King Charles. Cavalier and Chihuahua. But he looks like Eddie, would we say a Jack Russel with Beagle. - [Eddie] Yeah, I was gonna say beagle. - He's got a long body.. - And little fat legs. - And little fat legs and somehow that little long body has worn him out. - [Theresa] It is a good. think I don't have children 'cause I have driven. people nuts about this dog. - So Phillip tells us to add in the pecans and the cornflakes by hand, and so I'm gonna get those mixed up and then we're gonna mound. 'em up on cookie sheet that's lined with parchment paper and we're gonna bake 'em at. 350 for about 13 minutes. Okay! Here we go, Phillip! Oh my goodness! I had two smaller pans. and then this large pan and (laughs) Phillip,. you said in your notes, that this was the best. cookie in the whole world and this is what you. wanted your mother to make every Christmas, well I'll tell you what, old Paula Deens jumpin' on. that same bandwagon with ya. 'Cause I tasted, you see. there's a cookie missing off this plate right here. I had to already taste one and. they are out of this world. And guess who showed up, look over there. Guess who showed up just in time? Michael Gruva can smell a. cookie baking five miles away. (laughs) Can't ya Mike? Can't he, Henry? (laughs) Papa just. loves him a good cookie. What do you think about it, Henry? - [Henry] It's good. - Mmm, isn't it good? Mmm, you hadn't tasted. it yet, had you Michael? - No, I'm waitin'. - You want? Mmm! I will definitely be making these again.