- I need to go out here to the candy jar and get um a few pieces. I'm not going, not going. outside, you wanna go outside? All right go outside. We going to get some candy. (frightening scream noise). (scared shocked expression) (eerie laughing) (laughing and giggling) (laughing) who does that sound like? It sounds like me. Um. I thought she was the cutest little witch. And so every Halloween I put it by the candy dishes. So I can tell when my grandchildren are nabbin candy. All right Lulu, you comin or going? I can't Mikey (back. round speaker talking), oh their beautiful Lulu's. outside ( back round speaker). (laughing) Oh, I forgot my candy. I forgot my candy. (back round speaker) Okay. (frightening scream noise) (man giggles) somebody's steeling the candy.( laughing) Oh my gracious, Happy Halloween Y'all! Oh we are gonna start with our pretty Halloween glasses first, and we're going to be making parfaits um for the children for Halloween. Look at, look at those skinny skeleton fingers. wrapping around that glass. See it's like this. - Perfect. - Yes. - Perfect match. - And this is very easy. Um. Theresa did do one part. though earlier for us, because it has to sit for. like four to six hours in the refrigerator. And I will share with y'all um what that part is. It's three 15 ounce cans. of Mandarin oranges. That's in water, um three tablespoons of sugar and one and a half teaspoons of cornstarch. Now you're gonna put that together, bring it to um, a light boil on top of the stove. And um you want to reserve eight Mandarin orange sections for us to garnish. on our Parfaits with. And when you're heating this up, you want to kind of break. up your Mandarin oranges, you know, with a wooden spoon. So um you put that in the. refrigerator, like I said, and let it um refrigerate for four to six hours, or overnight, but you do want that cold. All right now to put. our Parfaits together, I have two cups of heavy whipping cream and I've got confectionary sugar, and I'm going to beat until it forms soft, soft peaks. Okay. Now that's um beat just about perfect. You don't want it so stiff. that it turns back butter. You want it to kind of collapse just like that there when it fell off. So now we're going to come. on over here, to this bowl, and we're going to put in. one eight ounce package of softened cream cheese, You know me, I'm gonna fool around. and get every bite of it. All right. And then. we've got our honey here. Let's see how much money is that two tablespoons of honey. And we just to beat. that until it's smooth. And then we're going to. incorporate our two dishes. (whisking noise) okeydoke Now I'm going to start by bringing my whipped cream, my sweetened whipped cream over here, and I'm going to kind of slowly work that into our cream cheese And hopefully get it a little aerated, get some air in it. I love cream cheese and. I loved whipped cream, fresh whipped cream. there's just nothing's, any better. So this is going to make quite a few little Parfaits. And once I get it kind of folded in, then I feel like I can kind of give it a couple of good stirs to make sure it's incorporated. So here it goes the last. of our whipped cream in with our cream cheese. You know, you can put those two. ingredients together and there's so many things that you can make from that point. There is just so many ways that you can change this about and make all kinds of desserts. I think I'd have been safe to. go ahead and beat this with a mixer you know at 80. Okay. All right now to Parfaits together and you can kind of do this in any order that you want to, but, this is the way I'm going to do mine for our crust, where you using just a chocolate wafer. No, no cream centers. And we're going to put that layer down and that's going to act as our crust. Okay. Next we're going to Put a cream cheese layer. Oh I was trying not to do that, I'm gonna get a spoon look at this Eddie, Eddie gave me these little set of wooden spoons. And I think they're so. precious. In fact, Michelle, when she was shooting a. video with me the other day, she said, where did you get. those adorable little spoons? So remind me, Eddie um I need to order her some for Christmas. That could be a Christmas present. - Ill have to Ill have to. look when I go after the show - All right, I'm going to need. Yes. That would be wonderful um if you would do that, because I know that that would please her. All right. Now I'm going to put a few more like a little light layer. Again, and then another light layer of this. And then, its one of. them finger licking shows and look at this our oranges. are the color of our glasses. How cute is that? And the children are gonna love it. Let's see what I wonder if we have a scary finger that we could put on that? Aint that cute? Cute, Cute, Cute. I know Peeps push me that candy jar. Let me see what's in here. Oh how about a little pump in patch. How's that Eddie? - Looks good. - Got some more pumpkin patches. Okay. So like I said, you can layer these any way you want to, And you can make as many layers as you want to. - I'm gonna make one. - You going to make one, come on, come on and make one Peeps. - I like more layers. - Well you do it any way you want to. Well.. and we could do a candy corn. Its so so smaller. Than the than the Cabbage, then the pumpkin I'm going to use three of those. Okay. So just that easy. And I believe that this is in one of the issues of cooking with. Paula Deen magazine. I think, let me see the notes on this. Yes. So all you have to do, if you want um some ideas for Halloween, all you have to go do is go to www.pauladeenmagazine.com And um, and then once. you get in, you know, you can hit search and just. search for Halloween recipes, right Peeps? - Yeah. - You're creating a. masterpiece, Aren't you? - Yeah. Am I taken too much time? - No, like we said early, you can't rush an artist. - That's right. - So this is what I'm giving the children. for dessert tonight. - Now that's perfect. - You're happy. You're happy with that? - No not yet. (laughing) - Oh, that's right. You hadn't gotten your Mandarin oranges. Do you want to pumpkin. to go on top of yours? - No, mine is a diet one. (laughing) - You could make this light, sure enough That's so pretty Michael,. look at all the layers. Show him over here where. there's not so many fingers. - Yeah - All the pretty colors. Wow. You could make this. lighter because you could use um sugar-free chocolate wafer. You could use a light cream cheese. (laughing) You could move, use a light cream cheese (laughing) and a light cream cheese. (laughing) You want to spin? Oh, you know what I forgot? - What? - Forgot to put the chocolate curls on it. - Oh good I'll have some of that for mine. Oh, you did put a pumpkin patch. - Yeah. - That's it yeah - That's going to be prettier. Oh, that's so pretty. See those chocolate curls. I can't imagine what I. could do. If I could see, I could really be good. at this Eddie. (laughing) You know, if I could just see. Beautiful! Well Micheal, Happy Halloween! Bon appetit! - Cheers! - Oh I've got a itchy eye. - Cheers! - Cheers! Bottoms up. Happy Halloween! (loud witching laugh)