- Love love, love, love,. love hearing from y'all. This recipe comes from a fan out of, let me see where she is from, from, from, from, from, Indianapolis, somewhere up in there, so. Her name is Myrna Nisenbaum, and Myrna, you were so nice. to show me how to pronounce your name, because it's N-I-S-E-N, and she said, nice in baum. So thank you so much. And this strawberry pie. recipe that she sent to me, she said, it's so good. during the hot summer months when strawberries are coming in so good. And she said that her. mother cut this recipe out of the Indianapolis Times, or. either the Indianapolis Star, Myrna said she's not quite. sure which one, but she said, "I have the original cut. out recipe from the paper." And they made it every Mother's. Day and every Father's Day. And she said, "I still make. it, and I'm 67 years old now." Well, baby, you're a. young chick. (giggles) You are a young, young chick, Myrna, and it sounds just delicious. And she says, she goes on. to say, "This is so good and refreshing in the summer,. but good all year round too." And she said, "I love you and. your cooking shows, Paula, I missed you on that other channel, but was so happy to find you on YouTube at the start of the pandemic last year." She said, "I can't wait. to watch you every day. You make me so happy, and. helped with the isolation of the past year. You're sunshine personified, and I would love to meet you one day. I love down-home cooking, no frills. Thank you for brightening. my day, and bringing me joy, and great recipes." You, that is so sweet, Myrna. Thank you for sharing. those kind words with me, and y'all mean a lot to me too. Y'all all meant a lot to meet. when the pandemic started, so it goes both ways, Myrna, and this pie just sounds incredible. And you start off with. one pre-baked pie crust. Now we are just using a frozen pie crust, because, you know, we want. this to be easy, don't we? So we're going that route. And Myrna says to use one. and a half to two quarts of fresh strawberries. that have been deflowered, washed and deflowered. So in the pot they go, and I want to make sure I follow her instructions perfectly. She said cook strawberries,. sugar, corn starch, and water on the stove,. stirring constantly until the mixture. thickens and turns clear, because it's going to be cloudy. when you first get going. All right, so I am going to mix our corn starch with our flour. That makes me feel a little bit better, because I don't want it lumping. Teresa, she really tests my skills. She gives me some big molds. to work with. (laughing) - [Teresa] Got you on your toes. - I'm telling you what, well,. I'm on my toes right now. So anyway, I would recommend. mixing your cooked sugar and your corn starch together. Just pour that over our strawberries, and we are gonna add a. fourth of a cup of water. So the original recipe called. for three-fourths a cup of sugar, but Myrna says over the years, they've bumped it up to a full cup, so that's what I'm doing too. So it was a nine inch pie. crust, one and a half quarts, one and a half to two quarts. of fresh strawberries, rinsed and deflowered, a. fourth of a cup of corn starch, and a fourth of a cup of water. So we're just going to cook. these until they run clear, stirring them the whole time, and we've got one more step. to do with our pie crust, which really sounds so good, Myrna. This is where the difference. is on any other strawberry pies I've seen, and we are going to coat four ounces of cream cheese. Myrna suggests soften it. a little bit with a couple of drops of milk, so that's what I did, and I put it in the microwave. for like, six seconds. So we're just going to spread this on the bottom, and up the. sides of our pie crust. And you'll want to let. your pie crust be cold. You don't want to spread your. cream cheese on a hot crust, because it would melt it. This is going to be delicious. You know who you used to. make good strawberry pies? I don't know if y'all remember this back in the late sixties, early. seventies, Shoney's Big Boy. Do y'all remember that? - [Teresa] Loved it. - I know it. They made a chocolate fudge. cake, and a strawberry, a mile high strawberry pie. - [Teresa] They had the. best breakfast buffet. - Oh, they did. They had a breakfast buffet back then. We never went in, we. just always, you know, went and got us stuff. - [Eddie] I don't think. I ever ate at Shoney's. - Are you kidding, Eddie? - [Eddie] Are they still around? - Are Shoney's still around, Teresa? - [Teresa] You know, I don't know. - But he was a chubby little. boy, and he had like a- - [Teresa] Checkered? - [Paula] Yeah, and he had a dip. His hair made a dip. like an ice cream cone. Okay. - [Teresa] There are still some Shoney's, but we do not have one. - [Paula] Oh, wow. - [Teresa] Big Boy was his name. - [Paula] Big Boy? - [Teresa] Mm-hmm. - Well, he was a big boy. Okay. Myrna, I might use a little. bit more cream cheese, because you know, I don't. like to skimp on (giggles) any of my condiments, but that did nicely. All right, so we're gonna. step over here to the stove. We are gonna cook our- - [Teresa] Put that in the refrigerator because it needs to- - Oh, okay. - [Teresa] Because that's. gonna need to chill. - Okay, well, you put. that in the refrigerator, and I'm gonna start. cooking these strawberries. - [Teresa] Perfect. - Okay, y'all. (spatula tapping) When Myrna says to keep it,. cook it until it becomes clear, it's not going to be like glass clear, but it has a murky look. until your corn starch and your sugar melt, so this. is what it's gonna look like, and it took maybe, gosh, it. probably took 10 minutes, and five of that was, you know, getting the strawberries hot. - [Eddie] It smells so good. - Doesn't it smell delicious? So I'm going to put these. in the refrigerator, and let them cool, and then we're going to pour them over our cream cheese lined pie crust, and then we're going to. whip up some heavy cream, and sweeten it to go on. top of this beautiful pie. Thank you, Myrna. All right, it's time for us to put our strawberry pie together. Oh, and I tasted this, and it is. yummy, y'all, perfectly yummy. Oops. Look at that. Now, Theresa is measuring us out a cup of heavy cream, and we're. going to sweeten that with a fourth of a cup. Oh my gracious. (giggles) This tastes so good, y'all. Mm, mm, mm. Mm. (giggles) So good. So, so, so, so, so good. Myrna, Myrna, Myrna. Mm. My only question, Myrna, is. did I cook it long enough? I hope I did. I hope I cooked it long enough. All right. So now we're gonna sweeten our whipped cream, and Theresa put us a. metal bowl in the freezer, so it's nice and cold. (beater whirring and scraping) Okay. Here we go with our thirty legged beater. (beater whirring and scraping) Now, this is just a personal preference. I just use a fourth of. a cup of white sugar. (beater whirring and scraping) Okey dokey. There we go. Myrna, Myrna, Myrna. Look at your pie, girl. Mm. Like I said, Myrna, I just hope that I, that I cooked the strawberries long enough to get thick. enough so it'll slice. Now let's see am I gonna. spread that to the edge, or do you want to do it like this so I can see those beautiful strawberries? I think I'll do it just like that. So you don't have to guess. at what kind of pie this is. There you go. Looks beautiful. You almost have to do his. part with your finger, to get the pretty little. swirls that you want. (giggling) That sounds like a good excuse for me. (laughing) So Myrna, thank you so much. This is actually going to. be our dessert for supper. I know it's delicious, because. the insides are incredible, and after putting that on our cream cheese that we lined our pie shell with, oh, thank you, girl. I appreciate you sharing so much. So love and best dishes, y'all. Have you some strawberry pie.