- Hey, my dear friends. To refresh your memory,. I am doing the 12 days of Christmas cookies. So the next one that I. want to share with y'all is really very good. And it's called Memaw's. kitchen sink cookies, and Memaw happens to be Brooke Deen, my daughter-in-law's grandmother,. who's no longer with us, but she did love her. Memaw so very, very much. And so I'm proud to share. this recipe with y'all because it comes from MeMe. with a whole lot of love. I didn't get to meet her, but I understand that she. was just one fine lady. So let's get started. We have our all purpose flour, and I am going to add to this, our salt, our cream of tartar and our baking soda, not powder, but soda. So I'm just going to. give this a little stir. When you're working with. flour and adding other ingredients to it, if you'll use a whisk, it almost acts like a. sifter, which is good. Okay so there we go,. that's mixed up real good. Now our first step is to cream our sugars. So that's white sugar, Brown sugar. And remember they will, the recipe will appear. on this recipe, right? - [Eddie] Oh yeah, yeah, there's a link. - Yeah, a link, that's. what I was trying to say. There'll be a link-- - [Eddie] for the measurements? - Yeah, for the measurements. Help me Eddie, help me Eddie. I'm trying to do two things at once, talking, unwrap butter, and those things are. getting harder and harder. I don't know why. (chuckles) Doing two things at one. time is getting harder. All right. And we're just going to. cream these up real good, it'll take just a few minutes. My stepdaughter, Michelle, she continues her family's. tradition and that was making, Oh my gosh, I bet they make. 10 or 15 different cookies. And they start in October baking them. She texts me the other day and she said, we're in the kitchen, starting. the Christmas cookies. And I said, well, it's not Halloween yet. She said, well, we. always start this early. And they put them in the freezer. So when Christmas comes around, they get together and take. a bag to family members or school teachers or something like that. But anyway, it's nice that. they have just a little love gift to give to. her friends and family. Alrighty, this is creaming. pretty good, y'all and I love Memaw's name. for this: the kitchen sink. Okay, the next thing we're. gonna do is add our oil, and this looks like a lot, but that's what's going. to make it so good. And we're gonna add our egg. You're not supposed to do that. You're not supposed to crack your egg over your bowl of ingredients. because if that egg was bad, I'd had to start it all over again. So I made a booboo y'all. Okay, look at this, look. at this, look at this. So Memaw says to add your flour. in three times. (chuckles) What am I trying to say, Eddie? - [Eddie] Three increments? - Yeah, three increments,. thank you. (chuckles) All right, so Memaw tells us: don't forget to stop and. scrape down the sides. Make sure everything gets mixed up good. I cannot wait for y'all. to make all these cookies. I tell you what, one of the best cookies I. have ever put in my mouth was sent to us by a photographer. that worked with us opening up Paula Deen's Family Kitchen in Nashville, Tennessee, Phillip. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness, you've. got to watch that video. I'm addicted to that cookie. And you will know the name. of it: corn flake cookies. They're better than any butter cookie you have ever, ever eaten. In fact, we gobbled them all down, like two recipes and they. ain't a cookie in sight. What you shaking your head for, Eddie? - [Eddie] I've got some hidden. - You've got some hidden? You little buzzard. I didn't see you hide any. Okay so I'm gonna turn. this up a little bit. I'm gonna get all that mixed up real good. You see I'm going around. the sides of that bowl Make sure all of that gets incorporated. Okay, Memaw says to just. beat these in lightly. I would almost think you'd want. to fold that because I would think beating them is. gonna break them up some. - [Eddie] Now what is that? - This is rice krispies. and they are not frosted, they're unsweetened and this is oatmeal. And I'm almost thinking, we'll. see, let's see what happens. That's on the only lowest speed we've got. And I think that's all I'm going to do. I think I'm actually. going to fold in the rest. I'm going to try to sling. some of that batter off the beaters and not get me and Eddie Did I get you Eddie? I didn't get me.. - [Eddie] No, no. - All right. Yeah. So I'm just going to fold that. in so it won't get crushed. Cause I do like the, that's what makes those. cornflake cookie so good, Eddie-- - [Eddie] Got that crunch? - Uh-huh, yeah, it's. got that crunch and you, I don't know, and you beat. the, you fold those corn flakes into your flour mixture very gently so they don't get crushed up. You gotta go find that video. y'all and make those cookies. Your family would be so happy. All right now I'm gonna stir in coconut. And then after this, I'm. going to see if I can get the kitchen sink unhooked. and put that in there. Cause it calls for a kitchen sink. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Don't do that kiddies. So I'm going to drop these on. tablespoons by the tablespoon and bake them in the oven. This is one of those ingredients. that makes it so good, y'all cause these are. crunchy and this is just bits of brickle. And you can buy this in a. chocolate covered brickle too. just the plain English toffee. I'll put this in cakes, cookies, whatever I'm doing at. the time that's sweet, because they really add a lot. to any of your sweet pastries. And you can see this dough is real thick. And now Memaw tells us to cover this and let it sit in the. refrigerator for one hour. And I don't understand that. part because the dough is plenty thick enough. And I may just try. foregoing that step. Eddie, what you think? Why not, right? - Well, Hey everybody. I'm Bobby Deen and I'm here with my mom. - Look who walked in, y'all! - Look everybody. - I was so excited to see Bobby walk in. - Aren't you still excited? - Yes I am. - Your lipstick is just--. - oh. - Can you get close on that, Eddie? - No! (laughing) - Deserving of a close-up. It's got that crazy lady look. - When it runs into those wrinkles. - Where it's just kind. of just dripping down. - One day you're gonna have. lines around your lips too, but hopefully you won't have. a problem with lipstick. All right., So here I am. - So anyway, what I was gonna tell him, I don't even think you knew. that I was doing the 12 days of Christmas cookies. Did you even know? - I didn't know it, but I just. came over on the right day. I love cookies and I love. the 12 days of Christmas. - And you love your mom.. - And I love you. - Okay, great. Well, before you go-- - What day is this? - Thursday. - [Eddie] It's the second day. - No, is it the second? I thought it was like third or fourth. - [Teresa] Well, we're. not really playing that. - Okay, we're not doing. it that way, y'all. - There's the boss. There's Mrs. Clause. - [Paula] Ms. Producer. - What day is it, Teresa? - And Mr. Director. - [Teresa] We're not. locking into which day these are getting posted. - And I'm their puppet. - So this'll be whatever. day it happens to be. - [Teresa] It'll be one of. the 12 days of Christmas. - But I do like that there's a theme and I do like that's it's the. 12 days of Christmas cookies, that's really great. - So I made these up, Bobby,. this is Memaw's Kitchen Sink Christmas cookies. And 'cause Memaw was Brooke's grandmother. You know, she adored her grandmother. - I misunderstood because. you said you made these up, but what you mean is you made this batch, you didn't create this recipe. - Right, and it had to sit in. the refrigerator for an hour so it's gotten stiff. But after we bake them off,. there's still another step. I think that's why Memaw called. these kitchen sink cookies. - After they're baked. off. there's another step? That would be called eating, right? - [Paula] No, before we eat. - [Bobby] There's. another preparation step. - So I got, I started dipping. them up using that tablespoon. So if you would finish, Bobby. I will, I will, but first. I wanna show everybody how awesome this tablespoon. is, isn't it, right? This is some of moms,. your, your products, right? And this goes back a few years. This is not new.. - Many years. This goes back a little ways,. but it's just that beautiful hammered look.. - [Eddie] Pewter. - Yeah, pewter. - And you know, this. is for dry ingredients, measuring dry ingredients. - [Bobby] Do you have more for wet? - Uh huh, and that's the. standard measuring cup, you know, with the spout? - I've got one. - That's for liquids. - And the shape goes like this. Cooking lesson's over! - [Teresa] Did you know. that in real life, Bobby? - I did, yeah, I've got two different Pyrex brand measuring cups. - [Teresa] 'cause she's. busted me out because I did not know that. - The one that's made for. wet is obvious because usually they have like--. - You got a spout. - Well, both mine have spouts,. but they may both be made for liquid, but one of. them is shaped more like an upside down volcano;. that's the one for liquid and it's got a sticky bottom. on so it doesn't slide. - You and Teresa can have a measuring cup conversation later. - All right, so after. Bobby gets us baked off, we're putting them in a 350-- - How many rows, three rows of four? - Yeah, like four. What was I saying? Now you done cut me off. In a preheated 350 degree. oven for about 15 minutes. Now make sure, it's very important, Bobby, that your cookie batter. hits the cookie sheet. all the same size. Because if you've got. a bunch of dough here and not much here, well. then the one not right here with not much is going to get done quicker than the one with a lot. So you want them to all get done-- - [Bobby] It's called uniform, son! - [Paula] Uniform! - So Merry Christmas everybody. It's almost Thanksgiving. What are y'all going to do with that? What are you going to do for Thanksgiving? Not gathering obviously, right? It's going to be small, small little, I guess Claudia and I are. going to eat pine cones with our children. - I know it! Y'all gonna be eating. pine cones and pine straw. - That's what my brother. always says about me. Everybody makes fun of. me and that's all right. It's all right. - They eat so healthy and so natural. - Compared, compared to everybody else, that's what they're talking about. - We feel like all they. do is go out in the yard-- - And eat pine cones,. that's my brother's joke. - Pick up sticks and eat sticks. - Y'all just eating pine cones. What are you talking about? - [Eddie] Aren't we going to. his house to eat pine cones? - Well, we got plenty of. them so y'all can all come as long as you stay socially distanced and outside the gate. You can eat the pine cones that fall out of the neighbor's trees and. you can peek over the gate if you got a stool. - You are too good to your family. You know that, right? I'm sure you've been told. Y'all want to give away the secret. You wanna tell the truth now? You live at my house. - I do, y'all because we sold Riverbend and it just, as you get. older, you just don't want that kind of responsibility. of that much property. Five acres was tough. But so anyway, we never sold this Dogwood. house because this is where Michael and I met, this is where he lived. his whole entire life. - I'm not Michael. So, you know, we just. never wanted to sell it. - Yeah and tt was a good. choice because look how beautiful this house is. it's always been special to me. It's always been special to. me because we shot all of Paula's best dishes here. So much of Paula's home cooking, and this room over here behind Eddie that he's about to show, like I can just see Gordon. Elliot and his crew. - [Paula] I know, I was. just talking about that. - [Bobby] In there and us just laughing and having the best time. - [Paula] Kids sitting on. there playing the guitar. - [Bobby] Yeah, this is. where I got a buddy that, that plays major league baseball,. his name's Albert Pujols, and he and I shot. together in this kitchen. - Yeah and then he came. and shot a show with me. - Then Albert and I went and. played the golf tournament down in Brunswick, Georgia. with another baseball buddy, named Adam Wainright,. who's from this area. And golly, Mama's had so many. special and important guests and different kind of people. in this house and in here making food with her and it's just, you know, we talked about this. when Mom was getting ready to move out of the big house. over there, the Riverbend house and this was a conversation we had, aren't you gonna miss. it, don't you feel bad? Yeah, go ahead and put those in there and I'll do the second one. You know you're gonna miss. it, there's just so much important stuff that happened here. And this is all just so great. I like this house and this. property so much better. I've got many more-- - That's what all of. you children have said. - I've got many more. important memories here than at Riverbend. Yeah, that's true for me. - Oh I'm so glad. Michelle and Anthony are so excited. - Oh I'm sure, it's like a homecoming. - Right, it's like going home again. - This is, you know, this is for me, this is just mom's house,. you know, for a long time. But, but for what you're seeing right now, you see this picture of. the chicken up there, and then the painting, pictures. And then the, you know, the wood burn oven And like, this is the. iconic, this is the set of your TV show for years. and years and years. - Probably almost 10 years. - It's a pretty special place to me. All right, so these cookies. are coming out like perfectly. I'm not having any problems. What's the next step? - Well, I just made myself a double bullet using a glass bowl. And it's sitting on top of a pot. The water is not touching the. bottom of that bowl though. You want to make sure. - Good old double bullet. Hey, let me tell y'all something. - Wait, wait, wait, one second, son. - Sorry, you got enough cookie dough here for 25 Christmases. - Oh, and you're just getting started. - I am? Who are we making cookies for? America's Second Harvest? - That would be a good idea. - That would be a good idea,. we should deliver some. America's Second harvest. is the local food bank here in Savannah, Georgia,. and my brother, God bless him, He's a great guy, he just really is. He's got, he's got, he's very, he's got a very community. oriented mind and heart, and he's worked with America's. second harvest for years. You and I have done some stuff there too. And something that is. really special for us too, is we like to, well, I've. already started to say it, so I'm going to say it, but sometimes when you do things. and then you talk about it, it sort of robs away from the. fact that you're doing it, but we'd like to do some work. with, with salvation army too. So the reason that I'm saying that is, is not to toot your horn or hours, but maybe suggest to you all out there, if you're trying to figure. out something to do for the holidays this year to make. something really special, if you visit a salvation army. or America's second harvest and donate your time or some goods, it'll really do you a lot. - I don't ever think. of publicly announced. - Yeah, well, it's. different 'cause I did it. It's kind of natural because. I was just thinking about it. - That gave me so much. pleasure through the years to watch those children and to hug their mamas and their daddies. And I remember one man, his. wife had died and he had like three little children. and he stood up there and hugged me and cried. I cried with him. I've got some good memories. - You've done a lot of. good for a lot of people. All right, what's next? - What's next is I forgot to set a timer. All right, so we've put. our cookies in a 350 degree preheated oven and Memaw said. to bake them for 15 minutes. Well, I've probably had. those in two minutes already. So I'm going to send them a 13. And you know, the time. will fly just like that. - Always does. - So I told ya that I. put my white chocolate. I had the bag, where'd it go? Okay, let's show everybody what I'm using 'cause there's one more. step, y'all to these cookies. And one of these ain't going. to be enough for that bucket full of dough.. - Lot of dough. - Lot of dough. - All right, what you want me to do? Well, we can kind of wash. the dishes and just wait for 15 minutes to pass. - I didn't come to wash no dishes. I do that at my house. - Well you sit there and. watch the clock then. Okay, now we're fixing to finish Mema's kitchen sink cookies up. The last step is to dip them in our melted white chocolate and then sprinkle them with crushed peppermint. How does that look, Bobby? - It looks very very. good, I would like one. - Memaw is a winner. - [Bobby] Not just yet. - Oh, okay, well, you said you wanted one. - I do, but you see, I still. need to go to the oven. - I love this. Now that that white chocolate, y'all, is gonna get hard again. So you'll be able to put these in. Bobby, you want to do this? This is fun. - Is it? Is it, Tom Sawyer? - Your children are gonna love this. Tom Sawyer. (laughing) - Wanna come paint my fence? It's fun. - I love these cookies and. they're just the perfect size. You know, you can eat. three and you just say that it's real tiny. - Just want three more. All right put some of the--. - Oh okay. - I'll dip them and you load them up. - You dip 'em, I'll stick 'em. - With the peppermint. You just kind of drop it down in there. - Uh-huh, yeah, that's what you do. Oh, you did perfect on that one. Look at all that. I love it. I hope the child will get in. the kitchen and try some of these recipes that my family. and are sharing with y'all. You know, they've been tested. They are tried and true honey. So join me in our 12 day. of Christmas cookies. Love and best dishes, y'all. Bobby, tell them love. and best dishes, son. - We'll see y'all again soon. - He ain't gonna say it. - That's your line. - Well, what's your line? - Bye, y'all.