- I truly just love it when. I hear from y'all out there because I don't near about think I have all the. answers, 'cause I don't. So, I just love hearing something that I've never heard of before. And that's the case with this text that I got from Richie Gibbons. And just a general inquiry, I recently found a recipe. I'm going to share with you. It's a recipe for a. stabilized whipped cream. So have you ever made a. cake that called for just sweetened whipped cream for the frosting? Well, if you have, you know that you have to keep the cake. in the refrigerator, right? Because of the fresh cream and because it just has sugar. in it and that's it. So by adding these other ingredients, you're gonna stabilize that whipped cream and you can leave that cake on a counter, just like you would like my carrot cake that's on the counter right now. So stabilized whipped cream. I have found that this version. tends not to fall as easy and would be great for those. recipes that may not be eaten in one sitting, which is great. I love that Richie. So it's four ounces of cream. cheese that's been softened, for at least an hour at room temperature, a third of a cup of powdered sugar, one and a half teaspoons. of pure vanilla extract, and one cup of heavy cream. So Richie tells us to whip the whipped cream. And let's see what they say. to beat the cream cheese with the powdered sugar and vanilla. All right. So. That's one teaspoon and a half a teaspoon and our confectionary sugar. So now we're just gonna. beat that until it's smooth and creamy-like. I am so glad to know this trick. I can't wait to taste it. You know, one of my. favorite frostings/icings is cream cheese icing. So this is just a great, great tip Richie. And I so appreciate you sharing. it with me so that I could, in turn, share it with. all my friends out there. So Richie says beat the cream cheese with the powdered sugar and vanilla until soft and creamy and then. transfer to a small bowl. In the mixing bowl, and you. don't even have to clean it up, beat the heavy whipping cream. just until soft peaks form. You'll want them to. collapse, not stand up. 'Cause I'm used to beating. whipping cream until it stands on its own. So I'll have to watch myself there. Add the cream cheese by. distributing it in thirds around the mixing bowl. And then beat until. stiff peaks are formed. Store in the refrigerator. till you're ready to use it. Okay, so I'm gonna sling that off, and rather than transferring. that to another bowl, I'm just gonna get... I'm just gonna get another bowl out and I'm gonna beat my whipped cream until it collapses. When I, you know, you know what I'm trying to say. When I dob a bit up, I just want to make sure that it doesn't stand in stiff peaks, but kind of just folds back into itself. Okay. So here it goes. (mixer whirling) - When you're whipping cream, you have to start out kind of slow. 'Cause it's really just. the consistency of milk, but after it starts to. tightening up a little bit, then you can go for it. All right. Let's see if that collapses. I would say that. collapses, wouldn't y'all? Wouldn't you think that's. about ready, Eddie? - [Eddie] Yeah. - All right. So Richie said to distribute it into thirds. around the mixing bowl. I may have to do it in fourths, but I don't think that's an issue. Okay. And now Richie said just beat it until stiff peaks form. I think it's there. What do you think, Eddie? - [Eddie] That looks great. - That looks like stiff. peaks to me, doesn't it? Do you? - [Eddie] Like buttercream icing. -Yes. So let's give it the taste test. Richie, that is so good. And you best believe when I. make my next little ice box coconut cake that you have. to keep in the refrigerator 'cause it's got that frozen. topping or just plain old, fresh whipped cream on it. I'm gonna be using this. recipe for that icing and in place of the vanilla flavoring, I'll be using a coconut flavoring, for the coconut cake. Thank you so much. So that is definitely. stabilized whipped cream. Thank you, Richie. I appreciate it. Love you for it. Love and best dishes to all of y'all.