- Hey, y'all, I'm in the kitchen with my favorite youngest son. (laughing) - That was very diplomatic. You sound like my father-in-law Juan, who tells me that I'm. his favorite son-in-law. - Oh, that's 'cause you. the only son-in-law. - And I'm also your only youngest son. All right, this is confusing. Hey everybody. (crew laughing) - So Bobby popped in on me earlier, y'all. And it just so happens. that I'm doing the 12 days of Christmas cookies. - Perfect timing. - So as soon as Bobby walked in the door I said "Oh, yay, would you help me?" So he has been helping. And you know what, the recipe that I'm. fixing to share with y'all brings back a lot of. memories concerning you and your brother, Jamie. - Yep, a little different. - I made these two brothers chocolate gobs was what I ended up calling them. - God, they're so good. - And I'd wrap 'em in. saran wrap individual. And it would make like 36. It made a lot. And I put them in the crisper-- - Fill the crisper bin. - Yes. - Down in the bottom of the refrigerator. - And you and all your. snotty nosed friends-- - And we'd raid that crisper drawer, and we would eat those. What did you call them? And we didn't call them whoopie pies, that's what they call them in Maine. - No, two brothers chocolate gobs. - Called 'em gob stoppers. Not gob stoppers. - Chocolate gobs. - Chocolate gobs. And it was just like the. softest, most gooey, delicious chocolate cake just filled. with delicious sweet. - Like fluffy-- - Cream. - Yes. - God, if I had known. what I was eating then, I would not have touched. it, but they were so good. Used to eat 'em by the bucketful. - You were young, and you didn't know that was gonna become one of your sins. - They're just the best. - Yes. - All right, so let's. whip some, what do we do? - So I'm not making the two. brothers chocolate gobs, but I am making our. cousin Johnnie Gabriel's red velvet whoopie pies. Now let me tell y'all a little. bit about my cousin, Johnnie. She is the proprietor owner of Gabriel's Bakery in Marietta, Georgia. She is a beautiful woman, (indistinct). You know, Johnnie just got married in the last year. - Oh. - Remarried, yes. And she sent me pictures. And Bobby, she was gorgeous. - Yeah, she's a pretty lady. - Gorgeous. - Very talented too. She's got a great cake place. - Oh my goodness. Bakery like no other. Her cakes are out of this world. So-- - Where do we start? - We're gonna make her. chocolate Whoopie pie. Now we're gonna start, let's start-- - As luck would have it,. there's a recipe right here. Oh, and this is cousin Johnnie's recipe. - Yes, yes. Yes, that's what we're using. - We're in for a treat, 'cause cousin Johnny makes. her living making these cakes, you understand? She gets paid for that. So this should be quite delicious. - All right. I don't believe-- - Three cups plus five. tablespoons of all purpose flour. - You know what though, this recipe is a little confusing, so I'm gonna ask Teresa to do this a little different way for y'all. You know, when you go on the website, and go into that link. - When they see the recipe it'll be a little different. - Yes. - Okay. - And I think I probably. should have added, was that-- - That was baking powder or baking soda? Yeah, baking soda. - I thought it looked like soda. - [Bobby] That's what. the recipe calls for. - And a little cocoa, because red velvet cake has that little bit of chocolate. You know how that little. bit of chocolate flavor comes in? - [Bobby] Mm-hmm, I do. Do you want me to add your oil? - [Paula] All right, well. let's do the sugar first. - [Bobby] Okay, all right. - [Paula] All right here, you do that. And I'll crack the eggs, and all that good stuff. Then I'll add the oil for ya. You know, it's the 12. days of Christmas cookies, and I think I may have some ready in the oven from something else. - [Bobby] Mm-hmm, we were. making some great cookies just a few minutes ago. - [Paula] Yes. - [Bobby] You know, Jamie and I-- - [Paula] All right, so let me add your-- - [Bobby] Oil? Yeah, that'll make it a little easier. - [Eddie] Bobby, why don't you give a quick read of some of the ingredients that (indistinct). - We can read them some of the ingredients we've already added. Three cups of all-purpose flour. A teaspoon of baking soda. Two teaspoons of cocoa powder. And one and a half cups of canola oil. (Paula laughing) I'll do it. Plus, a little, we haven't added the vinegar yet, but we're about to add some vinegar. Jamie and I went up to Maine. My brother and I had a. televisions how back in 2006 called "Road Tasted," where we traveled all over the country. And we really did. We went from Seattle to Maine to Texas to California, and just everywhere in between. And we saw just so much, and met so many nice people. And we did lots and lots of recipes. And one of them-- - How much is the vinegar? How much vinegar? - whoopie pies. One teaspoon of white vinegar. - Okay. - And one of them was. whoopie pies up in Maine. - Really? - Mm-hmm, in Maine Whoopie. pies are a big deal. - [Eddie] New England, yes. - And New England. Okay, Eddie's from New Hampshire so he knows what I'm talking about. Speaking of New England, the whole part of the country up there is so beautiful. - You know, I would love. to get in the car, son, and visit all those New England states. All right, now Bobby, what I'm fixing to add now to make this a red velvet, you wanna be careful because-- - [Bobby] A little bit goes a long way. - Little bit goes a long way, and look, I just picked up a jar, a little kit that already had, and it colored me all over. All right son, come over here son, I think we're gonna have to, I think we're gonna have. to turn to the mixer to get this mixed up right. - [Bobby] We certainly got. our whisk all clogged up. - I know. (laughing) just dig it out. I'm sorry I didn't think about passing you the mixer quicker. - It's all right. It can all be worked out and fixed. It just takes a little time. Speaking of driving all. those states and visiting, my wife, Claudia, and I went up to Vermont a couple years ago,. before our kids were born. - Did you go to Ben and Jerry's? - No, we didn't do that. - Isn't that the state. home of Ben and Jerry's? - Not purposely 'cause we didn't wanna go, we didn't see it. We-- - All right, Bobby, stand back son. - [Bobby] A little bit goes a long way. - Whole bottle. If we used any less it. would be pink whoopie pies. - [Bobby] Yeah, I guess so. - [Paula] You wanna take your spatula and go around the edge? - [Bobby] So we went to-- - [Paula] But, again, now. don't splash that on you. Just loosen it from the edges. so I can keep beating it. - We went to Vermont, and we flew into Burlington and rented a car. And we drove. You know, Vermont's not that big a state. - No, it's a small state. - And we drove from Burlington all the way up to the top and back down, and we just, we went to different little restaurants. - How many miles did y'all drive? - I don't remember. - The whole trip. - It's not that big a state. So it would be the equivalent of driving from Savannah to maybe Atlanta or Rome, Georgia. You know, maybe five hours in the car. Maybe four to five hours in the car to get from Burlington. - We hadn't added our vanilla to this. - No, not yet. - Okay, just maybe like a capful, son. - So, but anyhow. We drove from Burlington up to the top of Vermont. We drove up to Woodstock, Vermont, is where we went. - Is that like Woodstock where Woodstock happened? - No.. - [Eddie] Yes. - Is it? - [Eddie] Yes. - No, Woodstock was in. New York, I thought. - [Eddie] No, I think it was Vermont. - In Woodstock, Vermont? - [Eddie] I think so. - I don't think you're right. And I don't think you're right. (Eddie laughing) - I didn't say, I just asked. - But there is a town. called Woodstock in Vermont. So we stayed there. It's such a beautiful state. - I just like the way it sounds, Vermont. - Well, you know, I. always wanted to go there. I always wanted to go there because I'm a big Ray Charles fan, right? And I just love music in general. And Ray Charles-- - But he's from Albany, Georgia. (Paula giggling) - There's a beautiful song called "Moonlight in Vermont," that I'm sure other people did, but Ray Charles sang it beautifully. And it was such a romantic song. And I always wanted to, because of that song I always. wanted to visit Vermont. So we did it. And I'm glad that we did. - Well that was wonderful. I remember y'all doing that. - Yep, we did. All of New England though. is just so beautiful. Just clean, the highways, everything is just clean. - All right, Bobby, how. long does cousin Johnnie say to make these? - Cousin Johnnie says 20 minutes. - Okay. But how big does she suggest you make 'em? It'll be on the back I think. - Drop the batter by teaspoons. - [Paula] Teaspoons, okay. - Allowing one inch in between drops. As the cookies will spread. You'll be making 48 cookies. Bake until the cookies are firm, but not crisp, about 12 minutes. - Okay sonny boy. - [Bobby] All right, so that's me. - One teaspoon. Now it's important that every cookie for Whoopie pies be the same because these are gonna. be made into sandwiches. So you can't have a whoopie pie this big and then one this big and put 'em together. - [Bobby] Well this might. be a good time for a break. - [Paula] Yes. And-- - [Bobby] Not doing it right? Perfect, (indistinct) got. me out of many a task. (laughing) - I'm in the kitchen here today making these 12-- - [Eddie] 12 days of Christmas. (laughing) - 12 days of Christmas cookies. - I'm gonna let you just sit in it. - I know, you ain't helping me you little butt hole. - Spit on my mouth. - I spit on your mouth? - Sure did. - That's 'cause these pretty teeth of mine must be getting loose. - They might be. (laughing) Oh my gosh. Wow. - You hadn't seen, you hadn't seen. - Hadn't seen the bowl. No, I'm joking, but that is super nice looking. - Isn't it good looking? - This is your line? - I love melamine or melmac. We used to call it melmac. when you were a baby. But, yes, this is my newest design. And I do love it. You can't break it. - [Bobby] It's pretty. - It's got that rubber. bottom so it won't dance. - [Bobby] It's like a football helmet. - Yes, well, (indistinct). (laughing) - Should I go run into the wall. See if I can crack something. (laughing) - Is your head clean? - As clean as anybody else's I guess. It's fresh showered. - Oh good, okay that's all I need to know. All right, so Bobby's gonna have to leave, he's got another appointment to go to. - Another appointment? You're not an appointment. This is not an appointment. - You're so important. that you got appointments. - That's me. - All right, so we're gonna go ahead and make the filling real quick to these whoopie pies, 'cause I have a feeling you're not gonna be here. to stuff them with me. - No, I'm not gonna be, no. - All right so we are gonna take-- - Why so little butter? - That's not butter. This is solid shortening, and it's butter flavored. Because to make the insides. of any kind of whoopie pie you have to have that. All right, Bobby, if you. would start creaming. - It looks like butter. - If you would start. creaming that please, son. - It's an awful short cord. you got on your mixer. - I know, it is. - It's about like the leash that Claudia keeps me on. (Paula laughing) He's kidding. Are you a husband? - I certainly am, a good one. - That's the way we do it. - A fine one. - That's the way us girls-- - You gotta keep the. good ones (indistinct) the house, don't you, so they don't get away from you? - That's right. (laughing) I mean cousin Johnnie. makes hers really tiny. - How'd they come out? - Beautiful. - Oh my gosh, those are beautiful. Yeah, these are small whoopie pies those are bite size. - Yes, they're a two-bite whoopie. So y'all can see why I said it's very, very important that they're all the same size, right? - [Bobby] Yes, ma'am. I think that's pretty well creamed. - Yes, yes, yes. Now let's cream our sugar, let's put our sugar in. - All at once? Is there a technique to this or just go? - No, you can go ahead and put it all in. - [Bobby] Okay. - [Paula] Whisk, whisk, whisk. Do you remember doing that? - [Bobby] Yes. (laughing) All right, what's next? - Okay you can kind of. slow down your speed, son. - I stopped. (laughing) I slowed way down. - You did slow way down. All right so what we're gonna do now is we're gonna add our. flour into our saucepan, and we're gonna slowly,. slowly add the milk, so it won't lump. - What kind of milk are you using? - Just a regular whole milk, sweet milk. - [Bobby] Do I need to still go slow? - Yes, just give me a chance. to get it incorporated, 'cause you wanna make sure. you do this nice and slow so your flour won't be in clumps. 'Cause nobody wants to. bite into a Whoopie-- - [Bobby] A clumpy Whoopie pie. - I started to say a. Whoopie cushion. (laughing) - [Bobby] Nobody wants to. bite into those either. - A Whoopie pie. - Nobody wants a clumpy Whoopie. - No. (laughing) So you just wanna do that slow so you can-- - You ready for this one, mom? - I think you might be safe to go ahead and put it all in, son. Okay so I'm gonna, we're gonna turn that on, and if you would stir that please, until it's thickened. We probably need about. three minutes cooking that because this is gonna act as the paste between our Whoopie pies. Bobby, would you look in that oven and see if we have. anymore cookies in there? I can't remember. - [Bobby] Nope, all done. - All done. - [Bobby] All done. - Listen, speaking of all done, that's what his babies say y'all, if they don't wanna do something, all done. - [Bobby] No. - Oh, they're so cute when they do that. - [Bobby] It ain't gonna be so cute later on when they're big. - I know it. (laughing) When they tell you-- - No, all done. - They call Bobby papa. So we're gonna let this cook. for about three minutes. - Wow, that's happening pretty quick. - Oh yeah. The darn flour and little bit of milk. So we're gonna let this cook for about three minutes. Bobby, you feel free to pick that thing up and whisk away. We're gonna keep it on. the fire, baby, yeah. So we're gonna have to let. this cool completely y'all because we are gonna be. adding it to our sugar, butter and solid shortening. So if we mix it while it's hot it would just melt all that. So what I'm gonna do is stick it in the refrigerator and encourage you to cool a little bit quicker. And Bobby won't be here. - No, I gotta go, but that's all right. - Listen son, listen. - Turn it off. - Okay, I'll turn it off. - All done, all done. (laughing) - All right, so, Bobby. - Yes, ma'am. - I'm gonna get these frosted, you will not be here. - You can deliver them to my house. - I was gonna say. - At your house. - Oh, I'm so happy Bobby has a guest house fully furnished and lets me and Michael. hang our hat there. - Ooh, it's so nice, we all live together like a big ole' happy family. - Yes. And Sunday, it was just so wonderful. You got the most beautiful. yard of all of us. - Everybody's gotta stay outside, in the yard. (laughing) None of y'all are coming in my house. - Y'all he's kidding. - Well I'm kidding, but right now nobody's coming in my house. We're not doing that. - Yeah, yeah. - But it's a good thing. the yard is beautiful because everybody does, and the weather's nice. - Everybody loves to be in your yard. - Don't they? And near me. (laughing) Isn't that nice? - You're almost getting as obnoxious as my favorite oldest son. (laughing) - I just realized that I. was being very obnoxious. - Yes, you are. - But that's what family's for. All right, I gotta go. - Kick me, bruise me. - I'll come back and. make some more cookies, 'cause we got 12 days. of Christmas going on. We made two together today, and I'll come back and I'll make some more with you. - Okay that would be great. - I'll see y'all next time. - We're making all those. wonderful memories, remember? - Mm-hmm, yeah. - As long as, you have my permission to leave. - Thanks. - As long as you let your babies have one of our Whoopie pies. - Oh, 100%. Okay, bye everybody. Love you, mama. - And their face will be bright red. Bye son. - See ya. - I'll see you at our house. - [Bobby] Yeah you will. That's my house. (laughing) - Well I'm thinking about selling. - [Bobby] Okay, share the profits if there are any. - So if you roll up to your house and see a for sale sign, it's just your mama. - [Bobby] Oh good. - Bye squirt tale. - [Bobby] Bye. - Oh he's a mess. He makes me laugh. All right so this is not much, but right now it's pipping hot. So I'm putting it in the refrigerators to make it cool a little bit faster. And then we're gonna stuff our little miniature Whoopie pies. Okay y'all, I'm still. working on that 12 days of Christmas cookies, and you know what? I should be making some. dog cookies, shouldn't I? Oh my goodness, I've only made. them for two-legged people. I need to make some. for four-legged people. So we're gonna finish up the fluff for the red velvet Whoopie pies form my cousin Johnnie Gabriel, her bakery Gabriel's. in Atlanta is so good. Okay so I touched my fur babies, so let me go over here and wash my hands. Let me wash my hands. And then try to keep my hands off my fur babies while I'm cooing. Okie doke, so remember we cooked our flour and our milk together, and we put it in the refrigerator to let it thicken and cool to let it cool. It was thick. It actually takes about. three minutes total for this to get to the. stage that you need it. And like I said, this is what's gonna make our insides real fluffy. Okay. So we had already beat up our butter, our solid shortening and our sugar. Remember we had. confectioner's sugar in it. And I'm gonna add about. another teaspoon of vanilla, 'cause I do love the. flavor that vanilla gives your sweets, your cookies and your cakes. So I'm just gonna beat this together until it's all incorporated. Wait, I think-- - [Eddie] You got your. beaters in backwards? - No, I just didn't have it in there good. Okay, I thought it felt loose when I picked it up. All right, that's as high as it will go. Like I said, I just want. this to be as fluffy and airy as I can make it. If you truly drop your batter by the teaspoon full, it's gonna make a ton of whoopie pies. Normally I would probably. drop a level tablespoon of batter down, 'cause. when I make Whoopie pies, when I used to make them for my children when they were little boys, I would make 'em a little. bit bigger than that. 'Cause my recipe, it seemed like I was only making 36. Okie doke. That should be good enough. Now I need a knife. Well, how about a spoon? How about a spoon? That would work too. I'll be so glad when we have all of my kitchen stuff. back in this house. We've got just enough to get by. So after we get moved in, I'll soon have my entire kitchen back. So you just put how much. filling you want in there, and you just put it. together like a sandwich. Oh, Johnnie. - [Eddie] Perfect. - Johnnie, Johnnie, Johnnie. And you see why I said it was so important that your cookies be the same size. And of course they're gonna. vary just a little bit, but even still you can. match 'em up pretty good. Don't those look delicious, Eddie? - [Eddie] Perfect, yes. Nice little snack. - Mm-hmm. Yes, and they're not so big. that it'll ruin your appetite. Or perfect little after supper, little bit of something sweet. The older I get, I just love having a bite of. something sweet after a meal, and usually it's ice cream. In fact, I find myself. eating ice cream every night, which is not good. Oh, it's good all right, it taste real good, but... So that's it. That is it. I'm gonna come over here y'all, and add these to the tray. I've got mema's kitchen sink cookies that I did on another video. And now I've got the Whoopie pies. And I'm gonna be making some. more real good stuff, y'all. So you stick with me for 12 days now, 'cause it's all so good and so sweet. So that gets it. Thank you cousin Johnnie for being you. I love you, girl. Merry Christmas.