- Who loves cinnamon rolls? Oh my gosh. I love 'em. And when I make 'em with yeast and all that, you know, it takes so long. And I was readin' this little recipe in somebody's magazine. It wasn't mine but it was in a magazine and it was an easy cinnamon roll that you actually cook in the air fryer. So I said, ooh, that's a double winner. So I'm gonna be usin''''' crescent rolls. They recommend crescent rolls. And I'm gonna add 1/3. of a cup of brown sugar and about 1/2 a teaspoon of cinnamon and about 1/3 of a cup of powdered sugar. And I'm gonna mix this together with 2 tablespoons of melted butter. So this is gonna make our crescent rolls. It's gonna turn our crescent rolls into cinnamon rolls. I adore a cinnamon roll with all that ooey gooey icing on top. You know, when Eddie and I was out there flyin' a lot before COVID oh my gosh, we'd be in the airports. And those, you know what. cinnamon rolls I'm talkin' about. You could get extra goop on top. Oh my goodness. It was so hard for me to walk by those and not get one. But I didn't get 'em, did I Eddie? - [Eddie] No - Maybe once. - [Eddie] Maybe you did. (laughing) - Maybe once but you know, I could've got one every. time I walked by one but I didn't. But not 'cause I didn't want it. - [Eddie] Well I know in Minneapolis depending on which- - Yes. - [Eddie] Terminal we were in. - We were in. - [Eddie] There was one. that was worth going to though because it had that bakery in it. And they had the best. cinnamon rolls there. - Oh gosh, that's what we miss. about Minnesota, isn't it. All right. Let's see. I want to make sure I get this right. So combined butter, brown. sugar, cinnamon, and salt. And it just calls up an. 1/8 of a teaspoon of salt. So that would probably be an eighth. And now it said spread. butter mixture over dough, leaving a fourth of an inch border. Alright, now let's see what we do with the cream cheese, okay. Calls for cream cheese, but. that goes in that yummy icing. All right. So we got that mixed up good. So I'm going to open my Crescent Rolls. This thing always scares. me, if it pops before I mean for it to pop. Great dime a day, I don't. think they wanted me to get into this. Okay. So we're gonna to unwrap. the rolls and you can see I put a little flour. down so they won't stick And I may need a little bit more flour, 'cause I don't want. these puppies stickin'. So we want to just press these together So it'll make one long piece of dough. All right. Now it said spread. butter mixture over dough. All right. No let's back up. Roll out Crescent dough in one piece, pinch seams together and fold in half. Okay. So we will fold that in half. And we'll pinch it back together again. Now after I pick up. what their putting down, what that recipe is putting down. I may be changing this. a little bit. In fact, I am going to change some of it already. All right. And then what does it say to do? Pinch seams together and fold in half, roll dough into a nine by seven rectangle. Okay. So I'm going to. have to find my little, my little rolling pin. Here's my little handy dandy rolling pin. It's trying to stick together, isn't it? Now their recipe, I think. called for just a regular, an eight ounce tube of Crescent rolls. And I don't know what we'll. use, but we're using the jumbo, 'cause if I make cinnamon rolls I want to have as many as i'm. capable of making at one time. Okay. Does that look like what they say? A nine to seven, Eddie? - [Eddie] You've got your. little handy measuring tool on the side there. - Oh yeah. (laughing) Alright. I know, you know, this is my favorite. cuttin' board and it's, it's a Paula Dean cuttin' board Meyer made this for me years ago and it's got your pie circle, so you can figure out how, what size to make roll. out your pie crust to. Okay, so it said a nine by seven. Well, I can't, I can't, I don't know if I'll be. able to move it Eddie. - [Eddie] That looks about right. - Yeah. Like I say we've actually got more dough than their recipe had. All right, so now we are. gonna spread our cinnamon And sugar mixture, and we're gonna leave about. a half an inch border. I may need some more cinnamon and butter and sugar since we got more dough. I don't want no skimpy cinnamon roll. That'd be just enough. to make your mouth mad. Okay. Now here's where I'm. going to be a little different from their recipe. To me, a cinnamon roll. is not a cinnamon roll, unless it has nuts and raisins. So I am gonna to be adding that. Yeah, could of stood a. little bit more sugar. Couldn't I, Eddie? Maybe that would be enough.. They say leave how much? A fourth of an inch. So I've left more than. a fourth of an inch. So lets bring that out a little bit more. You know, if this turns out good, what an easy way to satisfy. a cinnamon roll cravin'. 'Cause once I know what I'm doing, this is going to be really, really easy. Okay. Now I've got to go stop and find my nuts and my raisins. This is the beauty of cooking, y'all. You have the ability to make it any way you want it. Express yourself. Does that look like enough nuts, Eddie? - [Eddie] Yeah that looks good. - I don't want to be. shy of no nuts either. All right here come these. wonderful raisins that just add a little bit more sweetness to it. I love raisins. I love raisins in my oatmeal. cookies and in my cinnamon rolls. So, I tell y'all make it, make it the way the recipe. has been given the first time. But you know, I've just been in the. kitchen long enough to know that I like nuts and raisins. So here we go. It said to start at the long, at the long side, roll up dough, like a jelly roll. Okay. Ooo this is going to be good. This is the way, I'm going to dampen that seam just a little bit to see if I can get it to seal a little bit better. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. I'm trying to bring all my. fillin' all the way to the end. I think we gonna have a good, right good cinnamon roll y'all. All right. Now let's see if they, let's see if they recommend. brushing it with an egg. No, they don't recommend. puttin' it with an egg. I mean, coatin' it with an egg. Ok. So they just tell us to cut, and make six cinnamon rolls. But I think we're gonna. get more than that because we used the larger Crescent dough. You do want to make sure that. you cut them all about the same size though. (Timer dings) Ooo, that tells me something is ready. Okay. Look at these. Y'all I got to. check something in the oven. Y'all talk amongst yourselves. And I think these are going. to probably cook beautifully y'all because you know how. good my biscuits bake in this. The biscuits are wonderful. Ooh, I'm so excited. A cinnamon roll in like 10 or 15 minutes. Yay. I could have rolled them. a little bit tighter, but, But I didn't have 'em. in the right position. You know, when I started rolling up, I should have turned it towards me and I would have had a. tighter, tighter roll. All right. I'm gonna give those a spray, And I'ma put them in our air fryer at 350, for 10 minutes. And I'll be checking those. because I don't know what kind of air fryer they were usin''''''', but I know it wasn't a Paula Dean, it was a kind of a small air fryer. So I'm gonna keep my eye on that. But while they're baking, I've got to make our top. to go on these hot cinnamon rolls. Because to me it's the best part. This is my first check y'all and they are looking good, but I'm going to cook them. You see I've, I'll cook in my air fryer.. I'll usually cook on like 400, but this recipe called for 350. So I'm bumping it up to 375. And I'm addin' another five minutes. So in your air fryer, if you have an air fryer or. you putting this in a regular oven, you'll just have. to play with that time until you get it right. Okay. So y'all saw what the cinnamon rolls looked like after 10 minutes, because I usually cook. on like 400 degrees, but I'm doing what the recipe. said and starting at 350, but I did bump it up to 375. and I added another five minutes. All right. So I'm going. to make that delicious, gooey topping that we love. so much on cinnamon rolls. Now the recipe calls for two. tablespoons of half and half, four ounces of cream cheese,. did it call for four ounces or three ounces? - [Theresa] Three ounces. - I added a good 'nother ounce because the recipe said it made six cinnamon rolls while mine may, because I was using the Grands, mine made 2, 4, 6, 8, 10. So I might need a little. bit more of the icing. So it called for a third. of a cup of powdered sugar. Well, I'm doin' a heaping cup. And I'm just (hand mixer motor sounds) All right, I'm gonna to. get a little vanilla. I don't know if it asks for vanilla but I'm coming out with my own vanilla spices And I can't wait to. share these with y'all. So this is vanilla paste. So I'm going to add just a little bit. You can see the paste is a. little thicker than vanilla, the regular vanilla flavoring. (Hand mixer motor sounds) Wow. Ooh. Look at these. Now, so in. our air fryer cooking it 350 degrees, these took 15 minutes, but had I been cooking them on 400 or 375? They might've gotten. done in three minutes. Ten minutes. All right. So Theresa,. I'm so excited about these I can't think. I can't think, do we have. a platter or something? I can take these out and put them on. - [Eddie] Yeah, right here on the (tongs clacking) - Oh, yay. - [Theresa] I was gonna. say "You're asking me?" I don't know where everything is yet. - Eddie moved this piece. into the kitchen y'all. This was actually in the. laundry room at River Bend for us to fold clothes on. And so Eddie said you just. need something else down here, so he put it in here and now I am, what is going on? And now I am so dependent on it. It's got to stay there forever Eddie. All right. So I'm going to take these out, put 'em on our platter. They look delicious. And remember I always recommend sprayin'. Your biscuits or any kind. of dough that you're making. All right. All right. Those in the front, I have found that in an air fryer, the food in the back. tends to cook not as fast. (background talking) So i'm going to take these and put them back in. just for a few minutes. Hey, you got it. All right. Here we go, the best part. - [Theresa] Those are really pretty. - Aren't they pretty? I'm just amazed that we can. have a cinnamon rolls so quick. Alright. Y'all want half or whole? - [Theresa] I want half. - Okay, any particular one? - [Theresa] Nope. (laughing) - Eddie, you want half or whole. - [Theresa] You know you want - Well Eddie's kinda been. watching what he eats - [Theresa] He's, I know. - Cause I've been watching. him. What he eats. - [Theresa] These are good. - Ain't nothing wrong with a quickie every now and again y'all. And that's pretty good for a quickie. Isn't that yummy? - [Theresa] Uh huh. - It's about as good as those. that you buy at the airport. (Eddie laughing) Nasty Michael, they got boogers. They got boogers in 'em. Michael? - [Michael] What? - Turn around, look at us. (laughing) - [Theresa] You've got. stuff all over your face. - Do I? Well, that's. what makes it so good. So I'm so glad I saw this recipe. - [Theresa] You made it your own. - Uh huh, yum. So next time and there. will be a next time. The next time I would need to. make these with no nuts and no raisins, so our little. toddlers can have one. I didn't think about that. I was just thinking. about big old fat Guinea. So do try this. It's worth it. Y'all Max is back in a diaper. He's up, he's back to his evil ways. He's pee peein', where. Pumpkin, the cat is been. So when he comes in here, he. has to have on his diaper. And I just had me a treat. I had the most wonderful cinnamon roll. (multiple people talking) Do you want that treat? Do you. want that treat little girl? You want it bad? You want it bad? Say I want it so bad I. can hardly turn over. (laughing) All right, everybody sit. - [Eddie] Max, sit. - You know I can't get. into these bags anymore. They make it so hard to get in 'em. Okay. Y'all just be patient. Be patient. My lil childrens. Can't do it. Can't do it. All right here. We'll try it this way. I'm gonna be over the, I got it! Alright, sit. Max you're such a good boy. All right here you go sweet girl. All right, my baby. Is that what you want? Is that what you want? Oh my goodness. I feel like if I have a treat, they have to have a treat too.