- Hey y'all, I'm Jamie. Deen here at mama's kitchen bringing you easy, delicious. recipes again today. Woo! Call the family. Strawberry shortcake. We're gonna layer it up and add some stuff you ain't never heard before. It's delicious and perfect. for the summertime, could not be more simple either. I went to the store, I. bought a angel food cake. I'm gonna put him on his side, and using a serrated knife, a bread knife, or my mom has this watermelon knife here, you want it serrated 'cause we have to go through here gently. You don't wanna smash this up. We need three rings, so we're gonna divide it into thirds, and this is where the serration comes in 'cause we don't want to lose. our beautiful cake here. And if you try to use a chef's knife, you're not gonna have a whole lot of luck. The good news is, all of. this is gonna be covered up. So we just wanna be as gentle. as we can in this first part. Three rings. One, tow, three. It is really sticky. I don't wanna take a break yet. We're gonna mix cool whip. 12 ounces of cool whip. I'm gonna leave a few ounces in here, 'cause this one's over. We've got our condensed milk, sweetened condensed milk. Yum! Any questions so far? Whipped cream, sweetened condensed milk. Who's with me? (knife clatters) How about let's do some cream cheese? You know what Theresa and I were talking before we got started. here, and Theresa said, "Oh no, you're gonna need. to take a break here." And I said, no, I'm not gonna. need to take a break here. This will take about seven minutes. Now here I am one minute in, my hands are dirty and I. can't open my cream cheese. Help me wash my hands. I'll be right back. (hand mixer buzzing) Okay, y'all will be happy to know that I was able to get. my cream cheese open. (hand mixer clinking) Our cream cheese, our. sweetened condensed milk, and our whip topping. Oh, who is with me? Okay, we're gonna build. this in a clear bowl. So first I'm gonna move. this so you can see. I'm gonna put our first layer down there. Now the first thing that's. gonna go on here y'all, there's an ingredient here that I did not make on. screen for you today, but I'm gonna share it with you 'cause it really took time to cool down. This is our, the gelatin. that we have here. I'm gonna tell you exactly what this is. This is the corn starch,. the strawberry gelatin, and the sugar that we've cooked together with a little bit of water. So when you add your corn. starch to the gelatin, it's three tablespoons. Y'all add it very slowly,. 'cause it can clump up on you if you're not very careful. So make sure you whip it up. Now, this is our gelatin mixture. that is completely cooled, and I'm gonna fold our. strawberries into it. I'm gonna save some back, 'cause I know I'm gonna. wanna decorate the top. So our gelatin is very, very, very thick. Now full of these strawberries, this is going on first. (bowl thuds). (bowl scrapes) I love all kinds of layered desserts. We used to do so many parfaits. and things at the restaurant. We would make a cake, and if it wasn't the most. beautiful thing in the world, we could always break. it up and make a trifle. Don't ever throw away something that you don't think is pretty, 'cause you could always repurpose it. So I'm gonna spread our. little bit of this gelatin with our fresh strawberries here. I tell you who the star. of the show is though, and that's our filling over here. Lulu's excited. She wants some.. - Oh, I thought you were gonna say she's. the star of the show. - [Jamie] No, the star. of the show is this, the sweet condensed milk. (hand mixer clinking) Oh! (hand mixer clinking) The whip topping in our cream cheese. Super, duper delicious here. We're gonna put this. right along the outside 'cause I want it to be pretty. (Lulu barks). I'll go all the way around, spread this out. Remember now, this is gonna be covered. (Lulu barks). So I like to cheat towards the sides because that's what you're gonna see. I don't wanna cover the. whole edge of this cake 'cause I wanna see that too. So I'm kinda building towards the outside so we can see it in this glass bowl. Little bit, it's gonna run in the entire (indistinct).. (Lulu barks) It's okay too. All right. (bowl clatters) Second layer. (Lulu barks) (spoon clatters) Now for this, I'm gonna use all the rest. of my gelatin on this layer 'cause I'm not gonna put it on the top. This is the filling, but this is going in one and two. - [Theresa] You could almost. double that recipe filling, or further that. - [Jamie] This is a really. large bowl that Bob has here that we're using today. So if you have a smaller container, yeah, you could double it, triple it. - [Theresa] Yeah, if. you wanted more fruit. (bowl clatters) - [Jamie] Oh my gosh, now here we go. This is where it's gonna get... Yes sir!. - Heavenly. - [Jamie] I gotta tell y'all, Theresa called the beaters. before I even got done with it. (bowl thuds). (Theresa laughs) So we don't - [Theresa] Well Brooke's not here, so - Yeah.. (bowl thuds) We don't just work here. We're customers as well. We love to eat all this food. All right, let's hold a little bit back. (bowl thuds) Right on the top. Golly! Look at that. Wow!. - Yum! Look how pretty. - [Jamie] I didn't. count on angel food cake being so sticky on my fingers now. I hope I left myself enough. (bowl thuds) Go around the top here really good. - [Theresa] You might have. to steal from my beaters. (bowl thuds) - Yeah, you might be outta luck today. No, I'm okay with this 'cause it's such a pretty cake. (bowl thuds) I don't want it to look like. a giant bowl of white cream. So let me see that red, let. me see the angel food cake. I don't wanna cover it all. Just kinda building it up, building it up. That looks pretty (indistinct) good. (bowl clatters) So with our last strawberries. that we have in reserve we're gonna put them around the top. Okay y'all, and once I finish it with my fresh strawberries here. Woo! Woo! How about that? The line starts behind Theresa, but thanks for tuning in today, y'all. I tell you what, if you take one recipe away. from anything that I do, I'd invite you to try this one. It's delicious, perfect time of the year, summertime and the eating is easy. I appreciate y'all tuning in today. I'm Jamie Deen and that's a good cake. We'll see y'all around the kitchen.