- Hey, my friends, we're back in the kitchen here. today in Savannah, Georgia. I'm Paula Dean, and I. hope that you have enjoyed my little cooking shows on YouTube. Since the quarantine started, I wanted to find a way to just come in and spend a few minutes with y'all, and hopefully forget. all about the problems just for a short while. So, I was saying earlier, we're gonna have to change the name from Quarantine Cooking. to something else, right? Have y'all got any ideas, Theresa, Eddie? - [Theresa] I'm hoping. people will send some ideas. - Okay, good, that's what I'm hoping too, that y'all will send some ideas. You know, I have asked people out there if they had a favorite recipe, to send it to me, and I. would share it with everybody if they were one of those kind of people that like to share. I have gotten so many. sweet, sweet letters, and so many recipes for me to try. Well, the recipe that we're gonna do today is, it's another super simple, and there's a good chance that you might have. everything in your house that is required for this recipe. And the name of this recipe. is Pineapple Pudding. So I'm assuming that. this was not a side dish, but a dessert piece, because it sounds like vanilla. ice cream might be real good, might taste like a pineapple sunday. You know, if you had some ice cream on it. But, Lindsay Perelli sent me this, and Eddie, go ahead and make fun of me right now.. - [Eddie] I'm not gonna make fun of you now.. - He makes fun of me when I say some words, and Boston, Massachusetts is one of them. He makes fun. How am I supposed to say it? - [Eddie] You said it, you said it right? - I did say it right, Massachusetts. - [Eddie] Nope, that you said it right. (Eddie and Paula laughs) - Well, I've always said Massachusetts. - [Eddie] Yeah, you're. putting the T in the wrong- - Is that right or wrong? - You're putting the T in the wrong spot. Massachusetts. - Say that one more time. - [Eddie} Massachusetts. - Massachusetts. - [Eddie] Yip, there you go. - See, I don't see no C-H-E-W. in there anywhere, chew. - [Eddie] Well, there's. no W, but there's a C. - [Theresa] There's a C and a H. - Yeah, but it, to me, Massachusetts. - [Eddie] Chusetts. - I'd wind up saying. something really (indistinct) trying to pronounce it. But anyway-. - [Eddie} Let's just go with Boston. - Thank, Boston. What a great town. The city, that is. Lindsay Perelli lives there. in that town in Boston. And she sent me this pineapple pudding. And this is an old family recipe. She said, as long as she can remember, this is one of the dishes that was on the counter, on the table. So, thank you, thank you. Thank you, Lindsay,. for sharing it with me, and all of our friends out there. You know, I really can appreciate a quick, quick, easy dish, you know, that I can do in an emergency, when I'm in an emergency. All right, so it's four eggs. Is that a stick of melted butter? - [Theresa] Yes, ma'am. - Okie doke, I thought it. looked like a whole stick. Eddie, could you hand me. that spatula right there, that little? Yeah, yeah, thank you. This is an old one. It's says, "Hey, y'all," I love those little narrow ones. I can get it down in my jar of mayonnaise, and get every drop out. All right, cup of sugar. So I'm gonna beat this up. You know what, Eddie? Somebody just sent me- - [Eddie] That whisk, yeah. - Yes.. - [Eddie] Right there. - Oh, it's right here. - [Eddie] The Danish whisk. - It's a Danish whisk, and someone sent this to me 'cause they've seen me, you know, getting a regular. whisk all gummed up. You know, if you're doing something thick and I don't have the name of the person on my. tongue right this minute, that sent this. So, didn't I write it down? - [Eddie] We did, we did. a little video last week. - Oh we did?. - [Eddie] Yeah. - Oh, okay. So I've already thanked ya, but I'm gonna thank ya again. So let's see how it works. This'll be the first time I've ever used a Danish whisk. Gosh, that works pretty good, y'all. You know where it would. really tell how good it is, is if you were mixing up. flour, something real stiff, boy hottie, this would do the trick. Look it's even got that. little tiny hole right there that can beat up little things. I like it, I like it a lot. All right, 20 ounces of. crushed canned pineapple. And Lindsay didn't say. whether or not you drain it. So, if it doesn't say. drain, I don't drain. This is great, this is a great- - [Theresa] Tool. - Yes, all right. So I have prepared a dish. Now, Lindsay says she uses a 9 x 9, but she said a 13 x 9 will work also. Now I've sprayed this,. so it'll be nonstick. And she said, they'll use. a whole, the whole thing. The whole loaf of French bread. - [Theresa] Italian. - Italian bread, was that... Yeah, one loaf of Italian. bread, broken into pieces. Use the whole loaf, she says. So I'm gonna have to kinda mash.... - [Theresa] I know. - To fit in here. I'm thinking the 13 x 9 x 2 pans. - [Theresa] Well, she puts. a little note on there. - Yeah, she said you can use a 13 x 9 x 2. I don't-. - [Eddie] It must soak down once you put all that in. - Yeah, I mean, you know. it's gonna soak it up, but I think we need to. switch over to a 9 x 13. So y'all hold on, I'm going to the pantry. Okay, Lindsay said, if you don't wanna use a 9 x 9, you can use a 13 x 9. Well, I'm telling you, I just don't think this 9 x 9 is gonna hold all this stuff. So I ran to the dish pantry and I got... That don't smell good, does. it, when it gets up your nose? All right.. - [Eddie] I think Lindsay said she was a school teacher in Boston. - Oh, is she? - [Eddie] So hopefully this. (indistinct) is going well. - Oh, gosh, have they gone. back to school in Boston, or are they virtual right now, Eddie? - [Eddie] I'm not sure. - [Theresa] Lots of schools are different. Oh, well all you teachers. out there, Lindsay, y'all deserve a big old pat on your back because that was such a humongous change in our life. So I hope all is well, and I hope that you're still. doing what you love to do, and that's teach, like you're teaching me today to make this pineapple pudding. (Paula laughs) (Eddie laughs) - [Theresa] Needless to say- - Dang gum it, get back up in there. You know, I take these apart,. you know, to wash them, and so once you take them apart- - [Theresa] they come apart. - They come apart. Okay, so I'm just gonna. make sure I spread this out to cover all of our Italian bread, you know, so it can all soak in. Like I said, I'm gonna make sure every drop can get down in there and do what it's supposed. to do to that Italian bread. It looks delicious, doesn't it? So what you think so far, Lindsay? Are we doing good, girl? Okay, so she tells us to slip this into a preheated oven, and she says, bake it in a 400 degree oven. Pour the mixture out and bake until bubbly and golden brown on top,. about 30 to 40 minutes. She said, "Enjoy warm or chilled." So, 30 to 40 minutes, which oven do you want me to put this in? - [Theresa] To the left-hand side, please. - Over here? Okay. That one was set at 400,. so we are ready to go. And I'm gonna set the timer. - [Theresa] I have the timer. - Okay, 30 minutes, Theresa. - [Theresa] Yeah, let's start there. - Yeah. So you're gonna be amazed at how quick that 30 minutes goes by. I told y'all it'd be a. quick 30 or 40 minutes on that pineapple pudding, didn't I? Well, it's ready. And it looks delicious. Oh, it's getting nice and toasty brown, just like Lindsay said it would. Wow, doesn't that look good? - [Theresa] Yum. - I'm gonna just a little teeny taste. Whoa. - [Eddie] I can hear it sizzling. - I know, it will burn your mouth up. This calls for ice cream, y'all. - [Eddie] Definitely.. - Definitely ice cream or fresh whipped cream. Look at the steam coming up, but isn't that pretty? It almost looks like. creamed corn, doesn't it? But it's not. I'm scared.. - [Eddie} And It kind of smells like fresh. bread has just been baked. With that Italian bread.. - Come get your spoon, come get your spoon, Theresa. It's good. - [Theresa] What, you want me to burn my mouth with you? - No, please blow on it before. you pop it in your mouth. It's not real sweet. - I love that. - So to me, when something. is not too sweet, it screams for ice cream. And the ice cream is gonna. marry perfectly with that. My spoon is even piping. hot from dipping it. - [Theresa] It's good though. - Ain't it good? - [Theresa] Hmm. - [Theresa] I would tell you though, the only other thing I would say is like we talked about in. one of the little breaks, it could probably go bigger than a 9 x 9, but smaller than 9 x 13, and it would be a little bit juicier. You like it like- - I don't know, I think this size was-. - [Theresa] Perfect? Absolutely perfect for it. It reminds me of my. pineapple casserole recipe that I love to serve with ham. - [Theresa] Have we made that?. - It's just real, real good. Yeah, I think we've made it. - [Theresa] Yeah, we made. it for one of our TV shows that we did, but I don't. think we made it yet for this, so we might have to pull that out. - And you can see how this is kinda dry, you know, 'cause it. wasn't much liquid in it. So again, that ice cream... (Paula laughs) I have been on an ice cream- - [Theresa] Kick.. - Kick, since we have been quarantined. Every night, every night I have ice cream. Oh.. - [Theresa] Lindsay, you did good. - Yes, she did. Thank you so much for sharing something that means a lot to your family. And I appreciate it, and that's gonna mean a lot to many more families out there. And I wanted to say something else. Oh, because it's not real, real sweet, this also would be good served with ham, with a baked ham. - [Theresa] Oh, yeah. - That's a sign. Thank you, Lindsay. I caught that crunchy bread. Loving best dishes to all y'all out there. If you've got a recipe to share, send it to me.