- Y'all know what season it is by the things I've got. up here on my counter. It's apple season. And so I'm gonna make some baked apples 'cause you love baked. apples, don't you Michael. - [Michael] Yeah, I like apple pies, too. (laughter) - Your favorite though is my. fried apple pies, isn't it. - Yeah, that's one of my favorites. - Oh gosh, it's so good. But today we're gonna go. a little healthier route and certainly a little bit easier. Now I have sliced about a half inch off the top of my apples, and I got some fruit fresh. I kind of sprinkled on it so they wouldn't turn brown,. but they gonna get brown, 'cause I'm gonna put 'em in the oven. So you just wanna make sure. when you start doing your coring that you don't bust through to the bottom because then all those,. your spices and your juices, they'll leave, they'll run out. And we don't want that to happen. So Michael has just walked. in the house, y'all. He has been having some back problems and he's going to Mayo. down in Jacksonville and they're working on trying to help him manage this pain. There's some guys out there, let's see their last name is Ritis? - [Michael] Yeah. - And I think out all of. the Ritis boys out there, that Arthr is the worst one of them. I've met Arthr, and I don't like him. So I think Arthr has been bestin' you too. - Oh yeah. - [Paula] Hadn't he, Michael? - It's unusual for the young. guys like me to get it. (laughter) - Yeah, since you're nine. years younger than me. (laughter) That shouldn't be happening to you. All right, so you can see. how I cored out our apples and I'm just gonna sprinkle. a little fruit fresh on that and I'm gonna put it my casserole dish, see how we've done it. They naturally, you don't have. to cut any of the bottom off, 'cause they've got a natural. stool that they sit on. So I have got like a half a cup of sugar. There's my spoon. I've got a half a teaspoon. of fresh ground nutmeg. And I really do like. using the fresh ground. It's just so much better. And I've got a teaspoon of cinnamon. (mixing) So I'm just gonna mix that together. We gonna drop that in the cavity. (mixing) After we get it all mixed up. Now this is enough to. probably do six apples right here but I'm only doing four, so just don't put drop that right into the. cavity, just like that. You know, these are so If you feel like you've. got to have a dessert this is a good way to me, to have your cake and eat it too with this dessert. Cause an apple a day keeps. a doctor away, right, Mikey? - [Michael] Maybe not those.. (laughter) - I was gonna say - Maybe without the sugar. - Well, you know what? You could use a sugar substitute. You know, there's baking. substitutes out there, so you could certainly use that. But now here's one where. you're not gonna substitute. And that's a little butter. I'm just gonna kinda press that in. It's like a teaspoon. Just press it in like that. And then to make sure the butter gets a little sugar on it. I'm just gonna sprinkle a little more. - [Michael] We used to make. butter and sugar sandwiches when we were little.. - Every child has. It was such a cheap treat. I did the same thing, Michael. Got my white bread out. and smeared butter on it and sprinkled it with sugar, and then. All right, I've got a cup of apple juice, and I'm not going pour it over the apples, I'm gonna pour it in the. dish around my apples. And now I'm gonna cover this with tin foil and I'm gonna bake it for. about 45 minutes to an hour. Really depending on how. you like your apples. If you like 'em firm, or real soft, I keep. looking at this sugar. I just can't stand the thoughts of it. - [Michael] Wasted.. - I know. I mean, I could save it,. make French toast with it but I was afraid I was too- - [Michael] You could pour. it in that apple juice. - That's a good idea, Michael. Just a little.. (laughter) All right. So tin foil, and we are ready to go. (clunking) (crinkling) (clunking) (bang) Oops. - [Woman] That scared me. - Did it, I'm sorry.. (crinkling) When I'm covering any dish with tin foil that's going into the oven, I like to spray it because especially I've noticed. it especially with meats, Michael, I don't know if. you've ever noticed it. But you cover it up with tin foil and then you go to take your tin foil off. - [Michael] I spray mine with duck fat. - Yeah, that's good too. From my duck fat in that drawer. - Well, I didn't know it was just yours. I thought you shared with me. - I do share with you. Yeah, so I like to spray the. tin foil because sometimes flecks of that tin foil. will actually get on whatever you're cooking. And like I said, I find. it especially with meats. Now another thing. (crinkling) that I have to be mindful of is that is a commercial oven in there that I'm cooking with,. and the fan is so strong (crinkling) that it'll blow my tin foil. off, so I had to wrap it extra, extra long, so it can. wrap around it like that. It's kinda hard to just. one person doing this, (crinkling) I don't wanna cover it in the back. - Does it need to be sealed, because this one has this. isn't sealed over here. - No, I think it's, I think it's all. - You want me to put it?. - Yeah. - It's good to go.. - Okay. But we will have to watch it, because like I said that fan is so strong, it'll blow that tin foil right off, and then you'll hear this cranking and beating around in there, But I wouldn't trade my. commercial oven for anything. Any kitchen appliance. Maybe my air fryer, not my air fryer. So 45 minutes, we can sit down. and share an apple, Michael. (laughter) And you know what? It would be delicious with. a scoop of vanilla ice cream sitting beside of it. - Anything's better with ice cream. - Yes, I agree. - Y'all, our apples just turned out beautiful. (scraping) yummy looking. And this is the softness. that I like my baked apples. - [Woman] I was gonna say. it should still be hot. - They're hot but so good. So, so good, it makes a wonderful dessert or an afternoon snack.. (glassware clinking) And if you're gonna serve if you're having guests and you're gonna serve them a dessert, a scoop of ice cream alongside. this plate of apple is delicious and you could. stick a cinnamon stick in it and a little piece of fresh mint, and you have a beautiful,. beautiful dessert. Mm. Look at that, skin and all, cause the skin they say. is the most important part that you eat, that's where. a lot of your vitamins are. - [Woman] Look at Popeye. - I feel so healthy.. (laughter) Yum. Delicious. (chewing) Bye, y'all.