- Y'all I'm fixing to share with you a recipe that I mean, it goes back a long way. It was- it might have even been. in my first cookbook, but I know it's in this cookbook because I'm reading it and the name of 'em- and people love them. And they're so simple. They're called orange blossoms. Now, you can do a lemon blossom or you can do an orange blossom. So, today I've just been in the mood, I don't know if you've. heard me say, Eddie, I wanted something orange, you know, citrusy and orangey. So, I'm gonna make my own public decision to make these orange. Alright, so I'm gonna go. ahead and make our glaze so it can be sittin' and waitin' on us. So, now for the glaze I need three cups of confectioner's sugar, a half a cup of fresh orange juice. Now, if you've got frozen orange juice, I would just use three tablespoons out of the frozen because. that's concentrate. So, it's gonna make it nice and orangey. All right, let's see. I need three tablespoons of melted butter and three tablespoons of water. So, three tablespoons of water and I'm gonna need to. melt a little butter. You know what? I think oil would be good. Don't you Eddie? So let's do- there I go changing my own recipes. (laughing) Don't fear, Eddie. No fear. 1, 2, 3 tablespoons of oil and I am gonna zest. Let me wash this orange. (water running) I'm going to just zest 'em, some zest to go in our glaze. (orange scraping) Yes. You're gonna want every drop of it. All right. Now, I also- do we have this in the stores, Eddie? - [Eddie] I'm not sure that the orange is, I think you've got almond, vanilla. - Yeah, we've got- - [Eddie] Peppermint and lemon. - Yeah, we've got some wonderful extracts, but even with the orange. juice and the orange rind, I'm gonna put about a. teaspoon of orange flavoring. Smells so good. Right, so I'm gonna give this a stir and I want all this stuff done because when our little. cakes come outta the oven, we gonna have to step. quickly to dip our cakes. 'Cause you have to dip. 'em while they're hot. Oh, I scared my mule. (laughing) Whoa. Now, if it appears too thick you can always add a little. bit more liquid to it. I'm gonna see if that's... The orange is perfect, Eddie. Perfect. I'm gonna give it just a little bit more juice. Get some of that pulp out. Do you like your orange juice pulpless or with pulp, Eddie? - [Eddie] I like a little pulp in it. - I like pulp too. I mean, to me that just. says, ooh, I'm so fresh. We've got our glaze ready. for our orange blossoms and now we're gonna make the little cakes. And this is just really a dump and beat. So, I'm adding four eggs. to our yellow cake mix. You know, they might make an. orange cake mix out there, maybe, I don't know, but I just as soon use yellow and put my own orange flavor to it. Okay, so I'm gonna use about a tablespoon of orange flavoring. Now, if we were making lemon,. we'd use lemon flavoring and then we're gonna add one 3.4 packages of instant jello. Jello puddin'. And this helps make cakes moist. Okay, now we've got a half a cup of water. No, it was three quarters, wasn't it? - [Eddie] Yeah, I think. - Yeah. Three quarters cup of water and three fourths a cup of oil and now we just gonna beat. it for about two minutes and we'll have her done. Now, I'm gonna spray our muffin tins and because we have to dump these as soon as they come out of the oven, we don't have to cool 'em. or let 'em wait or anything, I'm gonna bake these off in batches so I can get to 'em all and they won't have time to cool off. I'm using a non-stick spray that has the flour and the oil in it and you're gonna need about a tablespoon for each little blossom. And these will probably. bake in about 10 minutes. Seems like it's been a. while since I've made these, but it'd be fun. It's kinda like the gooey butter cakes, how many ways can you come. up with to make a blossom? Just a little bit more for that. It's gonna take us a while, Eddie. That's a lot of batter,. but it don't matter. (laughing) Does it? Okay, now we'll do one more and we'll just bake off. two of these at the time. In the oven these go and I'm gonna bake 'em. for 10 to 12 minutes. So, it won't take but a second and then we're gonna bathe 'em in that wonderful confectioner's sugar glaze. They look so pretty, but I made 'em too big. Y'all it's been a long, long. time since I made these. I was just telling Eddie. I wish I had some baker's tweezers. You know, that I could manhandle these with. Now, many a time and y'all can try to act. surprised, but I know you're not but I have been known to double dip. Let 'em cool and then go back in for one more little bath in case I feel like they're. a little on the dirty side. All right, grab you one, Eddie. Grab you one while it's warm. - [Eddie] It is good. - Is good. Just nothing fancy, but people just love. poppin' 'em in their mouth. - [Eddie] It's like eating. a hot Krispy Kreme donut. You see them picking it up for you. - Well, wait, now I got to see. Moo. Moo. Mm, so good. And it's just got that. faint orange taste, Eddie. - [Eddie] Yeah, perfect. - Hmm, mm it's just so easy, y'all. So, like I said, I highly recommend doin'. it in small batches and that way they don't have. time to get cold on you. 'Cause you want 'em to be hot when you bathe them in that glaze. They have it like kind of a bubble bath. But, if I double glaze 'em, I will certainly have. to make some more glaze. So, I may just let one do it this time. Y'all, please try these. Now, take these to the next church social or bridge night with your lady friends or hell, even a beer. party with your buddies. I promise they will like these. Love and best dishes. Hope all your blossoms bloom.