- Hey friends, thanks for coming in the kitchen with me today, because I'm gonna be sharing a recipe that we probably all had. at one time or another, and we love to eat this recipe. And you're gonna find me in,. say, the next five videos, I'm gonna be making things that I think adds a lot. to a Valentine's dinner for your sweetheart. And look, I'm even wearing. my Valentine's sweater today while I make this. You can't hardly see the Valentines on it, but it is my Valentine sweater, and I wear this once a year, one time a year around Valentine's Day. But before we do that, I just want to remind y'all out there to subscribe to the Paula. Deen YouTube Channel, and that way, y'all are gonna be. notified about everything. If you don't subscribe, then you're gonna miss all the notices. So just a quick reminder: Subscribe. Subscribe. (Paula chuckles) Okay. I don't know if I even. said the name of the recipe that I'm making today, but it's the Molten Lava Cake. And Theresa and I yesterday was thumbing through some of my books, and she pulled out. "Paula Deen Celebrates." And you know what? This is one of my favorite books, Theresa. But, you know, I kind. of just forget about it. I have my "Kitchen Classics" book that I just, it stays in my eyesight all the time. So I just go to that. But this is a wonderful book, full of wonderful recipes, and Martha Nesbit, a friend of mine, collaborated with me on this book, and she is one talented girl. So the recipe is in "Celebrates." I don't know what I did with the jacket cover, but it's gone. So we're gonna make this today. Hope it turns out. You might want to make. it before Valentine's Day to just practice. How about that? So, we're gonna start by greasing our, whatever, whatever kind. of little container that you're using. I've got these precious. little Valentine hearts, you know, that I'm gonna make mine in, but you want to make sure,. because we're gonna empty... We're gonna turn these. over and empty 'em out onto a plate. So you're gonna want to make sure that it's greased very good. And I'm using one for baking, because it has flour in it. So if you don't have that, you can always rub it. with some solid shortening and then sprinkle it with flour. And that'll give you a better chance of rendering a perfect product. So we've got our little ramekin dishes that we're gonna make our lava cake in, and the next step is gonna. be to melt our chocolate. Now there's a couple of different ways you can melt your chocolate. You can choose to do it. over a double boiler, which personally, I think that might be the. most accurate way to do it. But you know, we've gotten,. in this electronic world, so I'm sure that 95. percent of people out there probably do it in the microwave, which is what I'm gonna do today. But Theresa has been doing some research on different chocolates. And I know that you have. to be very, very careful. You can't get it too hot, but Teresa was actually sharing with me the temperatures that. your different chocolates should never go over, and the white chocolate. will seize up the easiest. I think it's, like, no. hotter than 85 degrees. Milk chocolate's right. there in the middle. I think it's, like, 88 degrees or 86. And then your dark chocolate. can take the most heat of all. And that one's 88. - [Theresa] 90. - 90. If y'all are out there. watching and listening, send me different tips and hints that you got, you know, maybe from your mama or your grandmama. I just love hearing what. they call old wives' tales that work! - [Theresa] Mm-hm. - Isn't that great? So share, share y'all's memories with me. All right, so I'm using six ounces of... Let me make sure I'm saying this right. Six ounces of uh... Where is it? - [Theresa] Bittersweet. - This is the bittersweet,. bittersweet, and it is bitter. So we'll start with that. And then we've got... How many ounces does this say? Two one-ounce squares. of semi-sweet chocolate. And you'll notice, we're. not using my favorite, which is milk chocolate, but I am doing this according. to the way we wrote it. All right, so I'm gonna. go into the microwave, and I'm gonna microwave it for 30 seconds. If it's not hot enough or at. the right temperature then, I'm gonna add 15 more seconds to it. What, Theresa? - [Theresa] You wanna add your butter. - Yeah. - [Theresa] This is not actually one of those recipes, Paula, where you have to really be. as heavy on the temperature because of the butter that you're adding, is what I read. - That's right. - [Theresa] It's when you're making one of our other recipes. - Yeah, the butter is cutting. the strength of the chocolate. So it'll be okay. But if your first time. around, it's not right, reheat in 15-second increments, because it will seize up on you. This looks really, really good. And as Theresa was saying, the chocolate that we are gonna do in the next recipe is really gonna, gonna have to be precise on that. But because we added the butter, and I had this in there, I ran it for 30 seconds. Then I ran it for 30 more seconds. And... So it took, like, maybe. a minute 15 seconds to melt this. So now we're gonna add our eggs. Let me get a fork, so I can beat these eggs up. And we're just using yolks, and I'm gonna have to find... a pie to make so I can use. those three egg whites. How's that sound? (Paula chuckling) Y'all picking up what I'm putting down? All right. So... Got those beat up. Now we're gonna add our flour. And I want to get that beat. real well, so it won't be lumpy. (Paula beating up the mixture) Look how dark that chocolate is, that bittersweet, that bittersweet is... - [Eddie] It smells so good. - [Paula] You like dark. chocolate, don't ya? - [Eddie] Well, I like all. chocolate, but, I'm in. (Paula chuckling) - Me too. I can eat dark chocolate,. but I prefer the milk. All right, next, I'm gonna add our... confectioner sugar. And I decided to go ahead. and add these two things before I added the eggs, because it was really nice and warm, and it could have cooked our egg yolks. And I didn't want to have scrambled eggs along with my chocolate. So next, I'm gonna go ahead. and add a little liquid, and that's gonna be in. the form of vanilla. Gonna add a teaspoon of vanilla. Maybe. (Paula chuckling) I got it! (Paula chuckling) You know how they'll crystallize. on that cap sometimes. All right, a teaspoon of vanilla. That'll help make that a little easier for me to mix together. And then I'm gonna add two tablespoons of something that smells so good. Oh, no! Look. My cork broke, Eddie. So... You know, how if you. store wine or alcohol, if you don't store it on its side, the cork will dry out? And that's what happened. So now the cork is down. there, but it's all right. (Paula chuckling) We can pour around that cork. And I'm gonna add two tablespoons of the orange lacquer. Oh, it smells so good. How would you use orange lacquer, Eddie? - [Eddie] How would I use it? - Is it good, fruit soaked. in it or something like that? - [Eddie] I mean, I sometimes. add a splash to gin and soda. (Paula laughing) - And does it taste like an orange? - Ah, it give it, you know, just a little citrus taste to it. - Okay, so that little. bit of liquid helped some. So now in go the eggs, and that's gonna help. loosen it up a little bit. Now I just cut on the oven, so I can preheat the oven, and it needs to be. reheated to 375 degrees. So these cook a little bit. faster than a normal cake. So here's what I'm gonna do. (spraying) I'm gonna spray that, because I want my measurements precise, since I'm having to divide the batter into six different cups. So I want to get 'em... See how that just slid right out, because I sprayed it? Because I want the cakes to be as close to the same. size as I can get 'em. One thing that I really. like about this recipe, you can go ahead and make these and freeze them and then just pull them out and pop them in the microwave just for like 30 seconds, not for much, but just... And that's after they've thawed. Just take them out of the. freezer, let 'em thaw. And, uh... You can have a molten lava cake very often. All right, so I'm gonna. kind of shake these around, get that... Get that batter spread out in there. All right, so we're gonna. put this in the oven. We're gonna bake it for 13 minutes, and hopefully the edges. should be kind of crisp but the inside is gonna be gooshy. So... Don't try to bake 'em until it's... like a regular cake where you can't... where it doesn't shake. Say a little prayer to the baking gods. Ouch. All right, now the. recipe reminds us that... the edges will be crispy, but I think we might need to stick. it back for a minute. And then again, I'm afraid to, because I want the center to be gooey. I don't know if I've ever. told you all this story of my best friend,. Bubbles, her experience... I may have told y'all. Who knows? After 20 years, I'm. bound to repeat a story, but she and Phil were. in this nice restaurant in Atlanta. I don't, have no idea what the name was. And it really doesn't matter, 'cause I wouldn't say it anyway. But she said it was a. very exclusive restaurant, very expensive. And they were kind of known. for their molten lava cakes. So Susan needed to use the restroom. So she gets up without. asking anybody where it is. And she goes to what she. thinks is the restroom. Now this dessert on the menu was like either $19.95 or $21.95, something like that. (Paula chuckling) So Susan mistakenly opened. the storage-room door, and she said it was up to the ceiling with a well-known lava-cake mix that you put in a microwave and... Oh, my gosh. So that may be the way we want to go by the time this is over. All right, my instructions tell you to take a knife and go around the edges, and loosen it. Ouch. So hopefully they'll come out. Oh, nice. And you know, on menu items like that, they'll usually say, pre-order it. You know, so they... Bakin' it hot! Oh, my goodness. I said, only you, Sissy, could... nose around like that. - [Theresa] And not get caught. - And not get caught. So y'all ready? (Paula laughing) This is always the scary part to me. All right, I got to. figure out how I can... flip this upside-down without burning my hands too, too bad. This is not gonna be easy. Please come out. Please come out right. - [Theresa] I see something on the bottom. - [Paula] You see something on the bottom? - [Theresa] Mm-hm. - [Paula] It's hard to lift that up. It's slick... - [Theresa] And it's hot. - And it's so hot! (Paula chuckling) Ooh! Who said we couldn't do it? But I will give y'all this. little piece of advice. When I sprayed it, I used too much spray. Y'all coming home. And too I think our. ramekins were a little big, because it made the heart thinner. So y'all, come on. - [Theresa] And they do. say six-ounce ramekins. I think those are bigger. - [Paula] Yes, and ours. were six-ounce ramekins - [Theresa] Oh, are they? - [Paula] that we used.. - [Theresa] Wow. - But maybe they could have been six-ounce but not as deep. - [Theresa] Yeah. - But, you know. So bon appetit, Eddie. - [Eddie] It's pretty good. (spoon clattering on the counter) - Mm. Michael's gonna go nuts. It's so good. Am I gonna be the only one to eat this? If I am, I'm not gonna. worry about double dippin'. - [Eddie] There's five more over there. - Yes, it is. Yes it is. So this is one of the five recipes that I think that screams Valentine's Day. So I will see y'all on the next video. Love and best dishes, y'all.