- Hey, y'all, you know,. it's almost spring time and I know a lot of yall are looking forward to. getting in your swim suits and going to the beach. or sitting by the pool. And let me tell you, I am not one of those but people have been. looking for good salads. So I'm going to share with y'all a fruit salad that I really like and I hope you'll like it too. I'm going to make my dressing first and I'm starting with some orange juice. Let's see how much orange juice, a fourth of a cup, and a third of a cup of honey. And any time you're going to be measuring honey if you'll spray that container that honey comes down so much easier. All right. So I'm going to use let's see how much canola. oil a fourth of a cup. And I've heard a lot of. controversy about canola oil. Y'all have gotten in touch with me. So y'all let me know. It's interesting to hear. what y'all got to say. Now that was- - [Woman] Your lemon juice. - Uh huh the lemon juice. And it was a half a teaspoon. And we have, how many poppy. seeds are we using there? - [Woman] I don't think those go in there, I think those are- - One and a half teaspoons. No, I think the poppy. seed goes in the dressing. Now combine the fruits now in a glass bowl, add the dressing. Let's see, combine the. honey, orange juice, oil, half a teaspoon of. lemon juice, poppy seeds, salt and mustard. - [Woman] The (beep) prep chef is off. - That's all right. - [Woman] And I forgot to put this in here cause it's a logistic. - Yes, I need oh gosh, fourth of a teaspoon of mustard. So I'm not even going. to try to measure that. I'm just gonna do a squirt and y'all pardon the. noise it's going to make. Oh, it didn't make a noise. That was silent. - [Woman] Salt. - All right. And how much salt are we gonna add? Let's see. A fourth of a teaspoon. So I've got a half a teaspoon in here. Let's see if I can find. a fourth, there it is. Fourth of a teaspoon of salt. So that's it for our dressing. We're gonna take this and we're just gonna shake,. shake, shake, shake, shake. Shake it up good. And you can see that honey in there. So it's going to take quite a few shakes. If you got a husband sitting around, - [Woman] I was going to. say do you want me to shake while you do the fruit? - See that big old man. sitting right over there? - [Woman] Eating his salad. - Uh huh. I bet he is saying, I. don't want to shake that. So by hand. Am I right? No, you can work on it,. Teresa, if you want to. - [Teresa] I can shake it. - But it's just the honey that- you can see the honey that's. collected on the side. All right. So that's our dressing. And so we go, we'll come on over here and let me find my lemon. Lemon, lemon. - [Man] There's some of them over here. - Oh, okay, thank you. - [Teresa] And remember I gave. you some lemon juice already. - Oh okay. Thank you Teresa. I had forgotten. - [Teresa] It's okay. - I had forgotten, but that. may not be enough lemon juice. So, I'm going to transfer this to a smaller bowl and I'm going to take my apples and I'm going to core them and cut them like I would for a Waldorf. Salad or an Apple Salad. And my corer is in storage too. Are you all sick of me saying that? I don't know what I'm. going to do when I run out of excuses. That's Teresa and I can't find things. And I am using, y'all, my. favorite Apple in the whole world. And that's a Pink Lady. I adore them. - [Teresa] Look at that lemon. I'm sorry, I just have to say that. - I know it. This is one of the lemons- - [Teresa] That looks like. a grapefruit, in my opinion. - I know. - [Teresa] Or an orange. - It does, it looks just like an orange. And this is off of Bobbies and Clydes lemon tree out there. - [Teresa] They've lasted a long time. Their lemons have really- - Yes and you know what? If I can't use all my lemons,. I don't, I don't harvest them. I just let them to stay on the tree. All right. So we've got our apples our bananas and now we're going to add a. can of Mandarin oranges. So it really doesn't have. to be in the lemon juice but it's important that, - [Teresa] Please be careful. - I'll be careful. - [Teresa] Mom. - Slash. - [Teresa] I don't do blood. - Okay, this avocado is a little green. See because it doesn't want to budge. Whoa, you missed it Paula. Yeah, this one's too green. - [Teresa] We have another. one if you wanna trade it. - Uh uh that's all right, this, this one's going to be good. It's just- - [Teresa] You're not gonna waste it. I'd rather have it this. way, Teresa than mushy. You know? - [Teresa] Yeah, that's true. - So just peel that. little avocado like that and I'm going to put this one in the bowl that we had the lemon juice in. - [Teresa] I taste tested. the salad dressing. It's very good. - Oh good. And it's so easy. If you get a spoon and you. can just run that spoon between the meat of the avocado and the skin and it peels so nicely, but instead of turning. around and hunting a spoon, I'm just doing it this way. - [Teresa] And it's just us eating it. - Uh huh. That's right. We're not taking this. to anybody's restaurant and serving it for sure. Just our family restaurant I thought I just heard. a piece of avocado drop, but I guess not. So to make sure this avocado is well tossed, I'm gonna put it in it's own bowl. You know avocados will turn. dark on you so quickly. So I want to break that apart and make sure it's covered good. Now I'm going to lift my other fruit out of this lemon juice. If you've never had a Pink Lady Apple y'all must try 'em. That you're so good. So this is it. We've just got a few. more things to add to it. - [Teresa] Make sure to add the dressing. - And we are done. I adore raisins, I adore walnuts and I adore our dressing. So this is it. What a wonderful, wonderful salad. And you can substitute. any fruit that you like if you like mangoes or, what is it the children like so much? Look at that. Does that not look wonderful? - [Teresa] Look how fresh that looks. - Uh huh. - [Teresa] Hello, spring. - I'm ready for my bikini. One of the best dishes y'all. You couldn't catch me dead in a bikini. Mmm!