- Y'all, I'm so happy to be. able to share this recipe with y'all today. I made grand girls fresh. apple cake from Georgia. Oh gosh, a couple of weeks ago. And while I was talking about that, I was talking about the fig cake that I love to make. So people were writing in, "Make that fig cake, "make that fig cake." So I am so happy to share. the recipe with you. And in all of my books, I. never had a fig cake recipe, but my dear brother did, he had a fig cake. And he mentions how much he. and I love this fig cake. So I'm so happy to share. this recipe with y'all. It's hard for me to. believe, but in August, my precious Bubba will be gone one year, on August the 15th. And I can't hardly believe it. In some ways it seems like yesterday because he stays so close in my mind and my heart, you know, like standing right next to me and you know, my brother,. he had some hard knocks when we had to bury our daddy. when he was 12 years old and he was 16 when we. had to bury our mother. And that was a terrible blow. for this precious little boy. And I just hurt so bad for him. And I hope he's enjoying the piece that he's getting right now, but this is in memory of. my brother, Bubba Hires. And I loved eaten with. Bubba, because you know, some people just eat to live where we kind of live to eat. I mean, we really enjoyed a meal together and this is one of our favorite cakes. So here we go. Bubba tells us to sift together, two cups of all purpose flour, a teaspoon of salt, a teaspoon of baking soda and one and a half cups of sugar. Now he says to sift, but I'll show you the way I kind of sift. This works. Just as well as sifting. Let's see, I'll just make. sure all those dry ingredients are all mixed up. And now we're going to. start with our eggs, we've got three eggs, that are going in there. And we're going to get that going. This really is the easy. cake to make y'all, it's kinda like a carrot cake where you, you almost don't even. have to have a mixer. Alright, then go slowly start adding, one cup of butter milk. There we go. One cup of buttermilk, and I don't care what kind. of cake you're making, your butter milk, just really, it really makes the cake (incoherent) You know, it's going to. be a Goddamn good cake. All right, now I'm going to add, now Bubba said to use one cup of oil, but I'm going to use just. a bit more than that, I'm probably going to use right. at a cup and a half of oil. Cause seems like the last time I made it, that's how much I used, so I'm going to stick with that. All right, now I'm going. to add my vanilla flavoring and my butter. It's a butter flavor extract. So I'm going to do like a teaspoon of that and a teaspoon of vanilla. Oh, my grandmother Hires. used to make up a cake and I don't know if I've ever. shared the recipe with y'all, what was it? It was... It was a butter... And the flavor was orange, oh, I'll have to think on that one, when I'm not thinking about anything else. And I'll see if I can. find the recipe somewhere. I can't remember the name of it. I know it had the word butter in it. All right, that looks nice. and well incorporated. All right now, the recipe calls. for a cup and three quarters of fig preserves, And these fig preserves. came off of our tree here. And I'm the only one here that. really likes fig preserves. So they last a long time when. I make a couple of batches, but you know what? We didn't hardly get it. We didn't get, how many did we get? Eight, we got eight, one or two of them. - [Eddie] The squirrels. - The squirrels like figs. - [Eddie] They like a bite. - They like one bite and. then they throw it away. And they're doing the same. thing with the pear tree, I hope we can get some pears. Do you like fig preserves great gran? Oh, my phone is mine too. All right, so I'm going to mix those up with the mixer and hoping that'll break those figs down, because. when I make a big figs, I don't mash them. I leave them whole cause and I leave the stem on, cause I like to be able. to pick it up by the stem and eat it along with my toast. Another thing that. Michael and I argue about is kinda like our shrimp in the eighties, Michael's tails off, I'm tails on. Fig preserves he goes for. stem off, I want it on. Although he did, I don't care what he wants because he really didn't need them enough. So I do them the way I like 'em. I need the child is going to be so good. All right, now I'm going to add a cup of pecans. And I'm going to bake. this in a tube pan y'all. I'm not going to bake it in my burnt pan because I want this cake. to have plenty of room. Because while this is baking, we are going to be making. a buttermilk topping. And we're going to pour. it all over this hotcake as soon as it comes out of the oven. So I want the cake to have. plenty of room to grow and then hold our topping too. All right, now I'm going. to spray my pan with, back in the day, I used to use a solid shortening and then dust it with flour. But today they have come up. with another convenient product and it has the flour and. the shortening in it. I don't like breathing it. I got it good enough. All right, so I've got our. oven preheating at 325, y'all. Look at this big chunks of fig. Yes. - [Eddie] And this rises. up pretty high, does it? - It rises up some, yeah, cause remember we put. the baking soda in it, so that's going to help it rise. - There we go. See one that easy. We really could have made this cake without even using a mixer. But for some reason it just. makes me feel better to, you know, have that mixer. So in the oven, 45 minutes, or until the cake pulls away from the pan. Now while that's baking, we can go ahead and make. the buttermilk topping, that we are going to. pour over that hotcake. Okay friends, the cake... It's fixing to go off, the timer's fixing to go off. So we're going to put together the topping that we're going to. pour over it real quick and that's going to be. one stick of butter. I want to show y'all something. This is what I've had to resort to, to tryna see. Okay, the Obama that is black. So it's hard to see in there. All right, we're gonna add, I think it was a cup and a. half of sugar, let's see, three fourths of a cup of sugar, a half a cup of buttermilk. What did I yell you, I knew it was going to go off. Let's see what it looks like. It looks beautiful. Eddie, can you come over. here and get a shot, look at that y'all. Look at that beautiful cake. And we'll take a knife. and I'm just gonna go around the edge, cause this topping, and then I'm going to put on it. I want it to, you know, be. able to get all in there. All right, we're going. to add one tablespoon, a white Cairo syrup, and if I'd have taken the. time to spread that teaspoon, it would've just rolled. right out of there, like melted butter. All right, and then. half a teaspoon of soda. So we're going to bring this to boil y'all and then we're going to. just pour it directly on to our hot cake. - Bubba's recipe didn't. call for any kind of spice, but you know, if you like the. taste of like a carrot cake or something like that with the cinnamon, you could always add like. cinnamon and cloves to this, and just give you another twist of flavor. All right. So that won't take, but a minute, I think we have to cook it, let's see how long did he tell us. Like three minutes. So this cake is beautiful. Ain't it Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes. I remember being(mumbles) - Oh, it's so moist, just. collapses in your mouth. You know, Bubba was, he was really, you know, more, a couple of different hats with Bubba. And Bubba wore a couple. of different hats with me. I had to finish, I had to try to start. I had to try to finish what. mama and daddy had started because I was seven. years older than Bubba. So when our mother died, Bubba was 16. So, you know, I wore a mother hat and a. sister hat and a friend hat, but I felt very protective of Bubba. He was this close to my child, as it could be without him being my child. So, I mean, he's. constantly there, you know, in my head and I miss him so bad. I'm actually the only one. left from my immediate family, my mother, my daddy, my brother. And it just seems so strange to say that I don't have a brother. I don't have a brother anymore. And it just makes me real sad. And then it makes me very happy, thinking about all the. good food that we shared over the years, our mama, my. daddy, when we'd have steak, y'all mama would buy the sirloin. steak with the bone in it. And you know, she could give us four. servings, sometimes five. And Bubba and I would. fight over that bone, both bone mowers. And pull a little thing, in fact, I've got a picture Eddie. of me sitting there. I had my bonnet on, cause my hair was rolled, and Bubba was sitting there so happy, he was mowing a bone, and I was looking at him like, like a sister would, but I thought he was disgusting. eating all those bones, all though lots of times I won the fight cause I liked the good bone too. Okay, look at that Eddie, Wanna put you're finger on that Eddie? - [Eddie] I'll wait for the cake. - Well, I'll tell you what, this is good enough, I. could pull me up a couple of this stuff you only drank it. All right, so here we go. Just go pour that all over that cake. You know what, I think I might just do that Eddie. Poke some holes in it. Let it go down in there. Don't you think that'd be good. - [Eddie] I think we take. that with the Apple cake. - Oh yeah. Any cake that I baked that. has like a glaze on it, I'll poke it. So it can go down in there. Now we're gonna, we can't take the cake. out until it absorbs, that wonderful buttermilk glaze. Makes me suck my teeth. Oh my gracious. - So I'm going to stand up here and I'm going to kind of work this in until it's all gone into the cake and then I'll flip it over and show y'all what it looks like and. how easy it comes out. Johnny, my grandson, his mom didn't know if it was on what? - YouTube or Facebook. - YouTube or Facebook. All right, so y'all can see. the cake is still, you know, very hot, but almost all of the juice has all of that glazed look at that. - Wow. - Doesn't that look delicious? All right this is how we. going to get that cake out. And this is-- - That's a cool way. - Ain't that a cool way? And this is kind of when I. start praying the cake gods. It's so heavy John. No, it was so heavy. No, it was so heavy. - Oh, it looks so yummy. - Well doesn't it? Oh, I wanna cry. I wanna cry, cry, cry. This is real life y'all. Okay. It's so moist. - And so yummy. - And so yummy, but I'm. so sad because (mumbles) I have never had this happen, ever. Alright, so I'm going to try to, you know, it's so hot. - Wow. - I really rushed this John You know, trying to. - [Eddie] Why does the spin. have the little handles on it? - I don't know, I guess so I can grip it. - [Eddie] If you didn't. have, if it was flat-- - I really rushed this y'all it should have actually. hold a little bit more, but I was trying to quickly. show y'all what it look like. I hope yours will look better. But you know what it. will hit like a champ. John's won't play Lego's. I'm so upset. (mumbles) Look at this beautiful cake. - I feel like six, six,. six jumped on my cake too. So look at how pretty that cake is. - This looks yummy. - That was unbelievable how. heavy Eddie, that cake pan was, and you know, this cake pan, it's not level. - [Eddie] If it was. level level, it's like, it's not even a pound. - All right here, you wanna taste this? Yes. - Huh? (mumbles) - And you know what? I can't even move it because it's so hot. I can't even move it to get. it in the center of the pan. That's very appropriate sounds,. John, that you're making. - If you decide to make this, I would let it cool a bit longer, but I was anxious to show y'all. Loving best dishes y'all. I wanna cry. I just had to share with y'all, a taste test that Eddie is. doing on this beautiful cake. - It doesn't matter how that looks. I mean, it tastes absolutely wonderful. Ain't it Wonderful?