- So hello, everybody. I'm gonna share with y'all on this video a recipe if you're doing. like a bridal luncheon or a baby shower or a bridge. party, whatever you're doing, and I'm gonna show you how. it would be done the fan, no, I'm gonna tell you how you. would do it in a fancy way. And I don't know if you. can see from that picture. That's the fancy way, but I'm gonna show y'all. the lazy man's family way. So I'm gonna start,. I'm starting the recipe kind of back, back-ass-wards. This is for the topping, but. it's got to be refrigerated, so I'm gonna use one. envelope of plain gelatin and then I'm gonna just pour. the cold water over that, and let it sit for, oh. gosh, about a minute. And then I'm gonna add, after it sits, I'm gonna add 1/3 of a cup. of boiling water to it. And over here, I have. two cups of heavy cream. That looks like a cup of sugar. - [Teresa] It's actually 2/3. - [Paula] 2/3, and I've got about-- - [Teresa] 1/2 a cup. - 1/2 a cup of chopped, diced. Maraschino cherries, y'all. And because I have to see it,. I'm doing this part first, but this is a pretty,. pretty, pretty little-- - [Teresa] Oh, there's also. some cherry juice sitting on this little table,. that's gonna go in as well, and I just forgot to. put it up there for you. - I thought this was just. put aside for me to drink, for me to sip on. - [Teresa] It's not. - Okay, I love Maraschino cherries. Okay, our water was boiling, and I'm gonna add 1/3 of a cup of the boiling water over our. cold water and our gelatin. And I'm gonna stir this, make sure it's completely dissolved. Look at that little whisk, isn't it cute? (Paula laughs) - [Teresa] You have all kinds of cute, little whisks just for this. - I do, I do. And you know, if I don't have it, folks are so great out there, they'll send me things. that they really like, which is wonderful. I appreciate it so much. 'Cause I really don't, you know, I don't get out much anymore. - [Teresa] Well, it's too hot right now. - Yeah, it is too hot. Plus, I, you know, with. me not driving anymore, you know, I can't just get out and go. All right, this needs to. sit for about five minutes. I'm gonna do my top, my talking, while the mixer is not running, so I'm gonna beat my whipping cream until it's, you know, kind of bubbly. Kind of bubbly. And then I'm gonna add my. 2/3 a cup of sugar slowly. And then I'm gonna fold. in my diced cherries, my cherry juice, and the gelatin. Okay, so all the sugar's added. Now I'm gonna slowly add my gelatin. (blender whirs) And this is gonna make it real stiff, so it'll do what we want it to do. (blender whirs) That looks good. Make sure I got all the, all. the goody out of the gelatin. All right, so now I'm gonna. fold in our cherry juice and our chopped Maraschino cherries. Cherries make any, any dessert. kind of special, doesn't it? You see a cherry and it's got to be good. So see how pretty that is? You could always add a little. red food coloring to it if you want it a little. pinker, but I think that's nice and it's a soft pink. So in the refrigerator. this goes for two hours, and I'm gonna just stick it. in the refrigerator drawer. Listen, I ain't gonna make y'all suffer watching me mix up a box of brownie mix. So this is what we. started with, box brownie, but we didn't do it by the. instructions on the back, y'all. We added, I think, a 1/3 of a cup of oil, two eggs, 1/4 of a cup of water. - [Teresa] Yes, ma'am. - [Paula] Some chocolate. chips and vanilla. - [Teresa] And vanilla. - Just mix that together. and you wanna bake it on a jelly roll pan, which is a 15x10, and so it's gonna be thin and ... This direction, this ... - [Teresa] I think that it might screw. - You think it might screw? I don't think it do screw. (Paula laughs) Think it's like me. (Paula laughs) Oh, wait, it dos. All right, you would. want to do it this size. - [Teresa] Is this the for being fancy? - [Paula] This is the fancy way. (Paula grunts) (Paula laughs) You know, Teresa, I just. don't have the strength that I used to have. - [Teresa] Which is why we. do it the lazy man's way. - That's right, but this is really pretty. And then our topping, we. would put in a pastry bag, give it a little squirt, and. it would be a nice little bite for a bunch of little ladies. that have gotten together for a shower, or a luncheon,. or a bridge, whatever. Just right, just right for that. - [Teresa] We're not doing it that way. - I don't think we ought to do it either. It's Friday, Teresa. I think, this is so good. I think we just need to frost it. - [Teresa] I'm with you, and guess what? Frosting's already ready. It's been two hours.. - Yes. So what do y'all think? I've shown you how to do the fancy way, if you want to impress somebody, and then I'm gonna show you the way that most families would. likely find it easier to do this way, so-- - [Teresa] This way, it. doesn't look like a recipe that you only make during--. - Right. - [Teresa] The fancy season.. - Right. So I'm just stirring up. my, my whipped cream. Now, if I was gonna do that ... Let me just show y'all. Another thing that you could. do, Teresa, if you didn't want to use the heavy whipping. cream and cherries, you could drizzle melted, you could ice it with a chocolate icing. - [Teresa] What you do. with brownies all the time and they are fabulous.. - I do, I don't like a brownie that I don't frost it. So if you wanted it frosted. or you wanted it this way, either way would work. And we are showing, we're showing y'all from the web that we have piped this in. I'm not gonna put much in there because I'm just gonna do the one. Come on, stick to that brownie. There you go. Look, you see how pretty. that would be on a plate? Really prim and proper. and ladylike, isn't it? - [Teresa] Now just. dump it all over the top and we'll be good to go. - Yes.. (Paula laughs) - [Teresa] This is how we really do it. - Yes, you know, there's several. ways you can handle this. You could, you could cut this into squares and have your topping in the refrigerator and top it as you go, as you eat it. Because once you put this. topping on it, y'all, it's gonna have to be. refrigerated, I'm afraid. So I'm just gonna do part of it. And then, oh, after I cut. this off and cut it up, I'm gonna frost the rest. with the chocolate icing. Or you could put this on. a tray and pour ganache. - [Teresa] Or white chocolate. I mean, you could just. drizzle with white chocolate. - Yeah, and--. - [Teresa] Caramel. There's so many things you could do. - And you could top it with. a almond or, or a pecan. So there we go. Hard to frost those holes. So that's it. Morning glory, it's delicious and easy. (loud thumps) Y'all, everything's all right. They're putting an awning up out back because it's so hot here that. the sun goes down that way and it is so blooming hot back there, you can't go on the porch, so they're putting in an awning for us. The house is not collapsing. (Paula laughs)