- It's that time of year, y'all. I sent out a message to y'all, please send me your favorite cookie, Christmas cookie recipe, and y'all did. And for that, I thank y'all so, so much. Well, I got a recipe that. sounds absolutely so good, it's not your standard, you. know, drop cookie, y'all, it was sent to me from Elisa Dannik. But the name of it is Oma's Cookie Jar. And I'm assuming that that's Oma. I'm not sure, I'm not sure. They didn't write a note or anything, they just sent the recipe. - [Theresa] Well, that could. be Elisha, if Elisha is- - Yeah, it could be Elisha. Mm, she said, that smell. from the kitchen is magical. So I am making her praline shortbread. That's what it's gonna. look like, with any luck. Doesn't that look delicious? Like I said, not your typical drop cookie. So I am going to start, I'm gonna start, let's see,. we've got some coffee grounds and it is, let me see how much. - [Theresa] That's a tablespoon. - A tablespoon of coffee grounds. - [Theresa] And I'm gonna add. a teaspoon of hot water to it and let it sit once. - Yes, that's good, that's good. And you can get the hot water. right out of the, mm-hmm, and it'll be so hot. So we gonna let that sit. for a couple of minutes, and then we're gonna. discard the grounds on that. But to start the cookie, I'm gonna cream one stick of butter. I think it's a tablespoon, two tablespoons of creamy peanut butter. And then I'm gonna be adding. our sugar and our vanilla. And then to that, I'm. gonna be adding cornstarch, that's 2/3 of a cup and, no, that's our flour, 1 2/3 cup, and then our cornstarch,. which is 2/3 of a cup. So let me get started. Elisha. I wish I knew who I was talking to. Oma or Elisha. Anyway, I thank you. So we're just gonna mix that together until it's kind of creamy. Okay, we've got that creamed together. Now I'm gonna add my sugar or Oma's sugar. And I'm gonna add a teaspoon of vanilla. Ooh, I'm about out, so. we'll just do it all, how about that? (laughs) better safe than sorry. Cornstarch. Flour. Mix. (chuckles) I think it's time to drain our coffee, and it didn't, it sure. didn't produce much liquid at all, but hopefully the coffee flavor, hopefully we've got enough. of the coffee flavor. I can't remember how. long Elisha said to, to. - [Theresa] Around four minutes. - Okay. Maybe it was that long. Anyway, not a bunch of liquid, but hopefully it's enough to. give it a good coffee flavor. I wanna go back over her recipe and make sure I hadn't left anything out, because this looks awfully, awfully (chuckles), doesn't. look like cookie dough, y'all, so let me just make sure. All right, I had a tablespoon, that was supposed to be. a tablespoon of coffee. - [Theresa] Mm-hmm, it was. - Yeah, and a teaspoon of,. mixed together, and set aside. Eight tablespoons of butter, two tablespoons of peanut butter, half a cup of sugar,. 2/3 cup of cornstarch, 1 2/3 cup of flour, and. one teaspoon of vanilla. And then add the flour and blend well. Line a nine-inch square pan. with parchment and then spray. Press cookie mixture into the pan. Then dock it, I've never. heard of that expression, and in parentheses, use. a fork to punch holes all over the top of the dough. It, um... - [Theresa] What would. you like to add more to? I can tell you need, is it butter? - Well, I don't know, I don't know. I've never seen a cookie. dough quite so dry. Okay, it's more like a dough now. So I'm just gonna keep on using my hands, the warmth of my hands hopefully will break down the butter. Okay. So I just wanted to double check, y'all. So I put everything that. Oma says to put in it. So now I'm gonna spray my parchment paper. And I don't know why she recommended that, but I'm sure it will, time. will tell us why she did it. All right, she said to. just press our dough. Have y'all ever heard of. the description to dock it? - [Theresa] I have not. - [Paula] Have you heard of that Eddie? - [Eddie] No. - [Paula] And that sounds northern to me. - [Theresa] I know,. and it does to me, too. - [Paula] I don't know why that even... Where is Elisha from? - [Theresa] She didn't tell us a whole lot.. - Is she? - Maybe she'll send us-. - I think she... - Hopefully after this. airs, she'll send us some more info.. - Elisha, girl, you wasn't talking, honey. - [Theresa] But that recipe talked to me. - Uh-huh. Let me bring this thing. down where it's not so high. Okay. So we are gonna put a. topping on this, y'all. After this cooks, we're gonna let it, let it cool completely, and then we're gonna put a. praline topping on top of it, and that's really gonna. moisten this cookie, this bar cookie up, and. send us into hog heaven. I'm thinking, I'm thinking. I love to know what. other people are doing, so I so appreciate y'all sharing your recipes with me, and. the rest of the world, because your favorite cookie recipe might just become ours as well. All right. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna, I'm gonna. put just a little butter on my hands and see if that will help me stick it out. Okay. Now we're gonna put this in. - [Theresa] I'll get that for you. - A preheated oven, thank you, thank you. The more I touch, the more it... Let's see, did you grab. the recipe, Theresa? - [Theresa] I did, it's. 350 and it says 20 minutes. - So it's time to finish off. our praline shortbread cookies. And these are the ones that's gonna be cut into bar shapes, y'all. And you can see, you. remember how stiff that was, and I really had to press hard. It reminds me of lemon bars. You know, how you really have to press that crust down in there? This was kind of the same way. So we got to finish those off, and to do that, I'm gonna need. a stick and a half of butter. And I ran out of pecans, y'all. So the first half a cup is pecans, and the top half is walnuts. A nut is a nut is a nut. So... Elisha Davis, no, Elisha Dannik sent this recipe in to all of us, and she. calls it Oma's recipe. And she said to put the. butter and the sugar and the syrup into a saucepan. and bring it to a boil, and then turn down to a simmer and simmer for five minutes, stirring very often. Remove from heat and then. stir in the nuts, y'all. And pour over the top of the. completely cooled cookie. Okay, so let's go. I'm gonna drop milk in this. And I need some white syrup. So I'm gonna spray this, so. the syrup will come out of my, my spoon, so it'll just roll out. And. This stuff is pouring like syrup. - [Theresa] Imagine that.. - Slow. Slow. All right, that's one. I used to love this kind of syrup on my pancakes and waffles- - [Theresa] Really?. - when I was a little girl, yeah. - [Theresa] Ooh, that's really sweet. - Uh-huh. That's how I turned out so sweet. - [Theresa] Hm. (Paula laughs) - Did you get Theresa's. face on that one, Eddie? I don't think she believes me. - [Theresa] Of course we do. - All right, so we're. gonna bring this to a boil and stir it often for about five minutes. Then we're gonna add those nuts, and then we're gonna pour this over that incredible shortbread crust. Y'all, it's been simmering. for five minutes. And I know it didn't call for vanilla, but you know, it's just hard for me not to use vanilla, so. you don't have to do it. All right, we're just half nuts today, half pecans, half walnuts. And so we're gonna stir those in. And we're gonna pour this on. top of our shortbread cookies. - [Theresa] Now the recipe. asks for strictly pecans, but we like walnuts, so that's another change. - It doesn't matter. - that we made.. - Yeah, I love, yes, I love a walnut. Love, love, love walnut,. and of course, pecans, you know, that mean, that's Georgia's pecan. capital of the world. So... All right, we're gonna just take this and pour this on top. - [Theresa] Oh Lord. - [Paula] You gotta love it. - How come it's making. - 12 days of - us wait?. - Christmas cookies. Huh? - [Theresa] They keep making us wait, 'cause now we have to wait till it cools. - [Paula] I know. So it's gonna be a good while. It's gonna be a good while. before this puppy's cool. And she says to spread it out evenly over your shortbread cookie. Wow! Yeah, Theresa, I bet you'll. be gone by the time I- - [Theresa] I will be,. but I'll be back tomorrow. - [Paula] (laughs) By the. time I had this cool enough for us to sample. Look, look at that, see, it's. already starting to get hard. - [Theresa] Love it. - That praline. And those are the same. ingredients that I start putting in the pot for when I. make my pralines from scratch. Elisha, I have been waiting patiently for this to cool, and they look fabulous. So I'm gonna do just as you said do, I'm gonna cut them in finger shapes. Look at that. Whoa! And so I'm cutting them. I'm trying to cut them like an inch (chuckles) by fat. - [Eddie] Looks good. - Elisha, they look wonderful. Oma's Praline Creamcheese Praline Cookies. - [Eddie] Praline shortbread. - Mm-hmm, praline. shortbread, that's right. - [Eddie] No cream cheese. - No cream. (chuckles) Wow! Elisha, I've never had anything like it. But I will make this again. It's out of this world. The praline topping is wonderful. I might cut them almost in. little squares like that, because that praline topping is rich. You know, and I love rich men and rich food. (chuckles) I'm kidding about the rich men. Never ran up on a rich one. Mm, mm. It is so good, it doesn't. look at Christmasy as you know, some of the cookies that we tend to kind of decorate just before Christmas, but. what a wonderful addition this would make to your, along with your typical Christmas cookies. Thank you so much Elisha for sending it. Y'all must try. Eddie, you ready to try? - [Eddie] Mm-hmm. (Paula laughs)