- Hey, y'all I'm Jamie Deen, back in mama's kitchen, bringing you delicious, easy recipes that you could share with your family, or don't share 'em with nobody. Doesn't matter to me. They're all good. Today, we're doing old school popcorn. I've got one tablespoon of oil in here. I'm gonna add half a. cup of popcorn kernels. When's the last time y'all. did this at the house? It's been a long time since I have, but we're doing a. special flavored popcorn, cuz popcorn is good and. special flavors is good too. Now you can stay just. as long as you'd like I'll be staying here for. the next few minutes, doing this, that's not irritating at all! So how have y'all been doing? Pretty good? Actually, I'll see y'all in a few minutes when my popcorn's done, okay? Poppy pop pop! I had so much fun. popping my popcorn y'all, and it turned out good. I didn't burn one piece. So to finish this popcorn what I'm doing is I'm melting some butter and it's got just long enough for me to show you the ingredients that we're gonna be putting. on our popcorn today. So I'm starting with granulated sugar. We're gonna add some cinnamon, I've got some cardamom. And I also have, what was my other weird thing that I had? - (Paula) Ginger. - (Jamie) Ginger, ground ginger. And then some salt. Now this is where y'all. have to decide what kind of popcorn you're making. You can put red pepper in here. It's not a little amount of red pepper that the recipe calls for. So if you want that spice,. go ahead and put it in. But folks around this house don't really eat a lot of. spicy unless Peeps is here. And I think he's working today. So I'm gonna leave out the cayenne pepper, but you can add it. Let me get a little tool. This will work. I'm gonna turn my butter. off before I burn it. I'm gonna mix up these dry ingredients. Now don't knock it 'til you try it. And I know there's some flavors in here, you're like ginger, on my popcorn, with sugar? - (unknown woman) Well,. the name of the recipe is Snickerdoodle. - (Jamie) Snickerdoodle Popcorn, nothing to complain about there. All right, so I'm gonna drizzle. our butter over our popcorn. And this is really, don't get too stressed out about this cuz I know you want to coat every kernel because that's what I'm. standing here thinking how can I hit every kernel, but we're gonna stir it up. So just do your best to spread it around. And then I'm gonna take. our seasoning here. - (unknown woman) Yum. - (Jamie) Mama's sitting right over there eating the French toast. that we made earlier. - (Paula) Hot, hot,. and making my nose run. - (Jamie) Really, really good. - (Paula) Mm! - (Jamie) Oh are you tasting. the spice that I put in there? - (Paula) Mhm. - (Jamie) All right. - (Paula) Mm! Mm mm mm! - (Jamie) Well, how about that? Y'all are watching one recipe, getting a live review of another recipe, and then I've got.. - (Paula) I'm having french. toast and a glass of milk. So good. - (Jamie) Toss this to coat. And if you want to jack up. your butter quoting on here, you certainly can. This, I used a very little bit of oil, which is good to know. Cuz if you want a popcorn bags. or something for your kids and don't want 'em super, you know, loaded down with buttery things, this is a good way to make popcorn. Cause it's pretty dry. If you want to, you can add. a bit more butter in here. Snickerdoodle Popcorn. Put a little in this. bowl so we can see it. I love popcorn, I always have. And playing with different. flavors of popcorn is fun too. And there's a lot of. big business around town that's developed all these crazy flavors you could put on popcorn. So don't let me tell you. what to put on your popcorn. You decide for yourself. You might wanna start. with Snickerdoodle though. I'm Jamie Deen. This is good popcorn. We'll see y'all around the kitchen. (Paula clapping in the background) Thank you mama, thank you mama, Thank you, thank you.