- Hi y'all, I've got one. more little recipe to share with y'all that is really. celebrates Halloween and I'm going to make some ghost. And I've started by melting. 1/2 a stick of butter in this pan and when that melts, I'm. gonna, and Oh gosh, 10 ounces. This about 10 ounces. It's been opened, it started at 16, but now. it's probably around 10, maybe taking just a few more out. That should be about 10 ounces. And we're just going to stir that together until we melt those marshmallows. And let's see what else we're gonna do. We're gonna add vanilla flavoring. And these are really like. our Rice Krispie treats y'all but the only thing we're. gonna do different is, since it's Halloween, we have some coarsely chopped candy corns and we're going to stir that. into our Rice Krispie treats. So let's step back here. Let's see how that butter's going. And it's melting on down. So I'm going to go ahead. and pour our marshmallows. And I would really recommend, when you're melting your marshmallows, to go in and get the little bitty ones cause they'll melt a. lot faster and easier. So this one of those things. that you're gonna wanna, you gonna wanna keep a close eye on and stir, stir, stir. Mix, mix, mix. (Paula laughing) I'll never forget Bobby dressing. up like me for Halloween. And he said, mix, mix, mix. All right y'all, our. marshmallows are almost melted. So I just added a fourth. of a teaspoon of salt. And then I'm gonna add. a teaspoon of vanilla. As soon as these marshmallows get down a little bit more meltidy. Doesn't that look wonderful? It reminds me of divinity. Put some coconut on that and it would look like snowflakes. In fact, I think in the end, I think I'm gonna put some coconut on our little ghost. A Halloween ghost. I made this recipe years and years ago when I was shooting up in Millbrook, New York. at Gordon Elliot's house. And when we got through, we had all of our little. ghost standing up. a red food coloring does not. come off of your skin y'all. FYI. And I just thought they were the cutest, cutest little things. (spoon scrapping pot) Okay. We've about got it. Got it all melted. (spoon scrapping pot) It's close enough for government work. (spoon scrapping pot) Okay. So we can bring this over here and I got a hundred thousand. recipes running around in my head y'all. All right on to okay, remove from heat and fold in. the cereal and candy corns. And I'm putting in six,. six cups of, you know, that Snap, Crackle and Pop. (Paula laughing) And these are our coarsely. chopped candy corns. They've gotten gooey. Come on. We're not leaving one of y'all behind. Alright. I'm going to. stir that all together. And I've got some ghost cookie cutters. And it has probably been 14 or 15 years since I shot that show. And I was thinking that we. did our little ghost per hand. I don't recall us using cookie cutters. But so I might wind up spraying these out on our cookie sheet and try to do it with a cookie cutter. It would be less messy for sure. All right. That looks pretty good. I just love Krispie,. Krispie, Krispie treats. All right. So, it's stickery. So I'm just going to pour this out on a grease cookie sheet. You know what? I should have used a big one. I didn't realize it was. going to make that look so, I'm gonna reach in here and. grab a little bigger one cause I don't, thank you Eddie, because I don't want them. necessarily that thick. Oh, and I forgot to tell you. If you do touch these, make sure you spray your hands. And you have to do this. fairly quickly y'all cause it, soon as you. take it off the heat, it starts cooling down very, very fast. Oh, look, that looks like. spider webs, doesn't it? (Paula and Eddie laughing) I forgot to spray the other hand. (Paula and woman laughing) You know, I don't know about y'all but it's actually getting late in the day. And my, I think my brain slows down after, the bewitching hour. Okay. I think I'm going to go like that for 'em. Okay. All right. I'm going to see, just like I said, I can't. remember if we did these by hand, or used a cookie cutter. I just can't remember. (Paula spraying hand) You know what? I'm going to say that we used a cookie cutter, (Eddie and Paula laughing) but I do wanna make sure. Just tell you, I'll make sure that you spray your cookie cutter so that the the ghost won't. stick to your cutters. Okay. I'm trying to pack. this down as hard as I can. (Paula patting down the mix) Cause I don't want it to be loosey goosey. I want him to be whole. Okay so I'm just bringing those edges up. (Paula patting down the mix) Okay. And after these cool for a while, go melt some white chocolate y'all, and frost the ghost in. the white chocolate. And then we're going to. sprinkle a little coconut, shred a coconut on them so they look real spooky. So, let's stick this in the fridge and wave our magic wand Eddie. So earlier kids, we mixed up the ingredients. to make our ghost and we had to put it in the refrigerator and let it get hard. And then look at our little ghost, how cute are th, these. glasses are too big. So I just want to show you what we did. We had our little ghost cookie cutter. And we just beared down real hard And look how this works out. I can legally eat the edges. - [Eddie] There's extra. - [Paula] So that's how. you do it. He's uh oh! - [Eddie] Man over. - This ghost is very tired. Okay. And we just have to push him out. I meant to spray this. cookie cutter and I forgot. Oh, another one bites the dust. (Paula laughs) So you have to, you have. to mold these ghost, like mold their bottoms, so it's perfectly even. for them to stand on. Look at these. Yes. It's so good. Eddie, to race you on a bike is so good. Alright. Oh, his arm fell off. - [Woman Speaking] Uh oh! - Hey, what mixed together real good. That's okay. After I finish with. him, I'll eat him first. All right. We still got another step now, to make our ghost really ghost looking. So I've got white chocolate chips and I'm going to melt. them in the microwave and you want to be real careful, like, don't set it for two or. three minutes and walk off. I'm going to set this about 30 seconds. It may not have gone up, stir it at every turn. Every 30 seconds, I will stir. our white chocolate chips. Okay. So we got our white. chocolate chips, melted, so now I'm just, icing our little ghost, and you could ice both. sides if you wanted to, but I think one side is plenty and then we're going to. dip them down in the, in the coconut. Look how cute! Alright, now we've got. one more thing to do. We've got to make the ghost eyes, and then we got to give. him a nice big smile. The smile is so big it ran into his eye. Look how cute. - [Eddie] That's great. - Isn't that cute? So get in the kitchen and help. your mommy make these ghosts. And not only are they. cute and fun to make, (munches ghost cookie) they're delicious to eat. Happy Halloween!