- Christmas is just not Christmas unless there are some gingerbread. men cookies around, right? They just scream, scream Christmas. And one of my business. acquaintance mother-in-law makes the best gingerbread. cookie in the world. And I did not ask her for the recipe. I kinda had a feeling she. might not want to share it. So this is the recipe. that I had on my website. So I'm still in search of the best gingerbread man cookies that I could ever hope to make. So this is my first shot at it. And I think I'll be able to improve on it as I work on these gingerbread cookies. So I make a lot of ginger cookies, but I just don't go to the, you know, to the actual gingerbread man and woman. All right. So we're going to start by creaming our dark brown sugar. with our stick of butter. And you know, it's kind of. the typical ingredients. And of course you can always change about your spices if you want to. If you like them with. a real ginger flavor, add more ginger, if. you like more cinnamon, add more cinnamon, and the same goes for your nutmeg. And what was that other one. that I didn't have put in here, all spice? So, just kind of play around with it. Do what suits your tongue. Okay. I am just slowing this down. until I get it under control. - [Eddie] And if you do. want the cookie to be, so firm like the gingerbread, - Yes. - [Eddie] Would you add more molasses to make it a little more chewy? - Actually, I would just put one egg in it because the more eggs you put, the more cake like it is. And I'm not really fond of. cookies that are cake like, you know what I mean? I like them crispy and some chewy, you know, in the center, that's kind of the way I like 'em. All right, I'm gonna. transfer this to a big bowl because after I get all this mixed up, I'm going to be adding. our flour mixture to it. Yeah. I'll be in search of that. wonderful gingerbread cookie that I have dreamed about. And I guess it's been,. what, maybe four years, five years, Theresa? - [Theresa] Gosh, longer than that. - Since Jeff's mother-in-law made those and shared with us. Mm, they were so good. All right, cream, cream, cream. (mixer hitting side of bowl) All right, now I'm going to add two eggs. I wish I wasn't adding but one, but we're gonna go with what I said the first go round. (mixer hitting sides of bowl) All right, now I'm going. to add our molasses. Now this is molasses, it's not syrup. Molasses kind of looks like motor oil. It's real dark and real sweet. And then we're gonna take our flour. (mixer hitting sides of bowl) And add it to this mixture. To our creamed mixture. I'm going to take this. and scrape my bowl down. There we go. I'd love it if some of the grandchildren would come in to help us decorate these gingerbread men and women. Maybe they will. (mixer hitting sides of bowl) Maybe somebody'll show up. Okay. All right, I'm going to come over here, and we've got our flour, and I'm adding salt, baking soda? Don't remember if it was soda or powder. Nutmeg, cinnamon, and ginger. I love ginger. Every time I say it, Michael. hears me say I love ginger, you know what he says? Well, actually I liked Mary Ann the best. He's so goofy. So, I wanna just kind. of sift this together using our little magic whisk. All right. So, this is a little. high for me to work with, but I think y'all can see better. Okay, so I'm just gonna. work, stir this flour in. You know, you can use. a spoon or a spatula, and then, we've got to put. this in the refrigerator y'all. And let it set until it's firm enough that we can roll it out and cut it. Do our cutting out with. our cookie cutters. You know what, I said. to do it with a spoon, but I'm actually gonna finish. this off with my mixer. And when you roll these out, you're going to want to make sure that you roll them on a surface that's well floured so they won't stick. And don't worry about them looking. Don't worry about the fact that. you put down too much flour and they gonna look white. because that will bake out. So don't worry about that. Just make sure you have enough flour so they won't stick. Okay, so there it is. Our ginger bread dough. Smells pretty good. It almost smells like sweet potatoes. Come smell, Theresa, see if this doesn't smell. like a sweet potato to you. - [Eddie] I can smell the molasses. - You can. Smell, smells just like a sweet potato. - [Theresa] It does at first. - Doesn't it. - [Theresa] I catch another. - So that's it. We're going to put these. in the refrigerator, and then we're going to roll them out and cut them and throw them in the oven. And hopefully somebody. will come help me decorate. I think I forgot to. mention this part, y'all, but we need to work with maybe about a half a cup of dough at the time, because if you try to work. all that dough at once, it's really overpowering. So we're gonna. And remember what I've. told you about the flour. It's okay. And after this sits in. the refrigerator, y'all, it's like hard as my arteries. It's hard. So if you got a big, strong man around. Put him to work. I don't like mine real thick. All right, here we go. First the girl because it's. ladies first, remember. Always ladies first. Can see her little skirt. Now you can find these cookie cutters in different sizes. These are kind of rather. on the smaller side. I kind of like the larger ones because when you go to decorate 'em, the smaller your surface, the harder it is to work with. And I done chopped off. a piece of his foot. There it is. We just go hook it right. back on there, little man. Just hook it right back. Okay. You know, children have so much fun decorating cookies at Christmas time. I know my grandboys just love it. And Jack's 14 now. And you know, he still enjoys getting in the kitchen with his grandma and making cookies. Jack likes to bake. So I will see if I can't work this up. I may mix this in with. the rest of the batter that I've gotten the refrigerator. It's still chilling, and see if we can't get. some more gingerbread people out of there. But these are going to get, It's getting towards the. end of the day, y'all I'm going to put these in the oven. Let me see, at 350, and bake 'em for about 10 minutes. That's kind of the standard. average number for cookies isn't it? 350, 10 minutes. - [Theresa] Yep. - So that's what we gonna. do with these little babies. And you can rework this dough. And like I said, I think it'll, I think if I mix it with some that's not been flowered yet, I think it'll work real good. So in the oven, 350, 10 minutes, and I can tell y'all something right now. Who's gonna decorate the most beautiful gingerbread man and gingerbread girl ever. Your cameraman, the. college graduate from SCAD, Savannah art and design school. He will beat us all by. far with his decorating. But I'm still gonna try. Okay, listen mister artiste has already done a few, and I want you to see how pretty they are. Aren't they pretty? - [Theresa] Well pick 'em. - [Paula] Oh, pick them up. - [Theresa] Well just show them. - I love this one because. it's got so much icing. She's got a little white flowery dress. - [Eddie] Oh that's a snowman. - No this is a missus. - [Eddie] Yeah, but I made. the other side a snowman. I made it look like a snowman. - Where? - You don't think it looks like a snowman? - No, I just saw the skirt. You know what? It can be anything you want it to be. And I love the fact, Eddie, that you used the candy balls for eyes 'cause it's hard to get that small amount. - [Theresa] So what you doing? - So I'm going to copy you. I'm going to copy you,. and I'm going to take, Wait, what you waiting on? - [Theresa] I actually. am going to come around the other side - [Paula] Come on. - [Theresa] So I can shoot. from the decorating's. - [Paula] Come on. This is very tedious. Oh, he has red eyes and he's so pretty. - [Theresa] Show her to me. - No, it's a man. This a man. And I got to give him some boots, y'all. And maybe some gloves. Your children will have so much fun getting in the kitchen with you. - [Theresa] Eddie's getting. really detailed over here. - [Paula] I know. - [Theresa] We could be. here 'till Christmas. - [Paula] I know, I know. - [Theresa] The real Christmas day. - But look how cute he is, Eddie. - He is cute. He's not overdone, is he? - Well actually, the. pink looks really nice on top of the gingerbread. - And you know what? I'm going to give him. some hair like peepaw. Look at that. Now that's peepaw's Eddie, I think I heard a car door. - Do you hear six little feet? - I do. I think I do. - Not reindeer? - Oh my gosh. Maybe somebody is coming. to help us decorate. The triplets gonna love these. And I swear, I think I heard them. - I think they are. going to love the icing. I think fingers are. going all over the place. - I think so too. Oh gosh, that's pretty. - [Theresa] Eddie, let. me see your snowman. Before the. - [Eddie] Before it gets eaten? - [Theresa] Exactly. You've got to flip it up. I mean it's a normal camera, people. - [Paula] I still love mine. The simplistic of peepaw. There. - Peepaw and mister snowman. - Missus, missus. - Well, well. - She's got a little skirt, Eddie. - [Theresa] Okay, guys, I hear the door. (speaking Spanish) - I would love to say y'all that our brilliant. triplets decorated these, but I would be lying. What baby, what, what, what? But Mr. Eddie decorated those for you. Come on, okay. You can't make up your mind. No, no, no, all done. All done. (toddlers babbling) All done. That is Amelia's way of saying good to see y'all, but I'm all done. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Look at her polka dot dress. Look. - Happy! (speaking Spanish) Happy. (toddlers babbling) He's saying Halloween. - [Paula] I know. I heard him. You gonna get down. there with your sisters? - (speaking Spanish) - [Paula] Oh my, Ali. That's so beautiful. - She's a natural. - [Paula] It's beautiful. Thank you. What baby? (toddlers babbling) - Whoa, (speaking Spanish). Can you say gracias? - You are so welcome, my precious. (toddler babbling) What? Okay. - (speaking Spanish) - All right, now taste it. Take a bite. - (speaking Spanish) It's so good. Taste it. There you go. - Yummy. - Yum. Yum to my tum. This is how Gini likes. to eat it, like this. Yum! (all laughing)