- Happy Summer, y'all! This dish officially kicks off the Summer. June the 21st, is the first day of Summer. So, I'm gonna start with. a nice cold dessert. And, look what I'm gonna start with y'all. I'm gonna start with ice cream sandwiches, and it's called a frozen banana split. So, we are gonna put. our ice cream sandwiches in a 13x9x2 that we have. lined with tin foil. (Crinkling tin foil) And, once you pull these out, you kind of gotta work quick, because in this heat they. don't stay frozen very long. And, if your dish that. you're making it in, they don't fit well, just cut them to fit. I'm gonna cut this one to fit right there. And then, I'm gonna. cut this one like that, and just fill in the gaps. Theresa! - [Theresa] Yes, ma'am. - Can you put this in the freezer, please? - Sure! - Back in the freezer,. until I can get to it again? - Certainly! - Mmm - I knew that was coming. - It needs cutting' (laughing) Mm! Mm mm mm So, I've got four bananas here and I tossed it in Fruit Fresh, because I don't like brown bananas. Now, I think the recipe. called for six bananas but I think the four is gonna do nicely. It'll put us a nice clean layer on top. Yeah, see that's covered every spec. Perfect! OK The next thing we're gonna do y'all is put a hot fudge sauce on it. Oh I don't know if I'm. gonna be able to y'all. I'm still having trouble with my shoulder but I got a shot this morning for it. But, my doctor had to come out here and actually go see. her mother who's aging. And so, she said, "Rather. than you having to ride all the way out here to the landings," she said "just let me run by," since she was going right by anyway. - [Theresa] That was nice. - Oh nice? It was wonderful, honey! All right, so we're using. a jar of hot fudge sauce that you'll find in your ice cream cone and ice cream department. Thanks Teresa, she heated. this for like 30 seconds in the microwave. - [Theresa] On defrost. - On defrost, okay. - Just so it doesn't melt. - Yeah, I mean, it's just. ever so slightly warm, which makes it so much. easier to get out (clanking). Okay, and you'll just. wanna spread that out. Now, the next thing that goes on is every banana split has. cherries on top, doesn't it? (clanking) So, I'm gonna rinse these off. - [Theresa] I already did. - Oh, you did rinse them? (water running) - Yes, ma'am. - Because, there's so much. dye in these cherries, that I don't want it to. turn my whole recipe, see? I don't want it to turn. my whole recipe pink. (water turns off) So I rinse them pretty good. (container knocking on cutting board) So we'll just give these a rough chop. These are pretty cherries! And we are gonna save half of those for the, for the last top. (container slides against counter) (knife slides out of block) (chopping) These would be good in the lid trick. The little lid trick, you know, to cut cherry tomatoes. - [Theresa] She always. tells me to leave her something to do so I decided to leave her the messiest job. (laughing) - That's all right! These cherry smell so wonderful. It's looking like a. banana split, isn't it? - [Theresa} Uh huh. - I think we need a few more. (container banging) I don't know if there's any. supposed to be left on top. I can't remember. - [Theresa] I don't think there is. I think they're all in there. - I don't there is, I think so too. (chopping) - So chop away! - Yes. Oh my goodness. I'm swallowing hard again. (laughing) Okay, now the next step ... Oh is chocolate toffee bits. Now you can get these just toffee bits or you can get them with chocolate and I love the chocolate ones. So we are going to use half of that because every banana split. has nuts on it, doesn't it? So here comes the nuts. (nuts being sprinkled on dessert) The kids are gonna love this. - [Theresa] Hmm - Okay. And the next to the last. thing we're gonna do now is a butter scotch ice cream top part. So we're just gonna drizzle that on top. - [Theresa] Are you about. ready for the ice cream bars? - Almost, give me just. one little more second. Cause they were, those bars. were getting very soft. Mm. Now you could always take this y'all and fancy it up by using. all homemade stuff. But you know, I think for the kids, they're not gonna care. whether you made up syrup or used a jarred syrup. (dish scraping) What y'all think? - [Theresa] I wouldn't know. - Uh-uh. Okay. Ice cream sandwiches? - Coming! - Make sure she gets them Eddie. You know, this is something I very rarely buy is ice cream sandwiches. Seems like my grandchildren prefer. Look now, that one called for another one. I'm gonna see ... Yeah. Perfect. Mmm mmm mmm Y'all welcome to that if you like. - [Theresa] Yeah. - I'm gonna have to break. down and wash my hands this go around. (water running) So you'll wanna, you'll wanna. let this get in a freezer for a good while. (scraping, container opening) Normally y'all, I never use. a frozen dessert topping. I always make my own cream. But I'm just gonna do the. frozen whipped topping (drawer opening, utensils clattering) that you can find at your grocery store. And you'll want it to thaw. This could have thawed a little bit more but I think it'll be all right. Cause you know, if you. try to stir frozen whipped topping, it'll collapse on you. - [Theresa] Ew. - Yeah. (giggling) So don't even try. (container scraping) - [Theresa] This looks amazing. - Doesn't it look delicious? And so simple! Your children would have. a wonderful time or your grandchildren helping you put. this little dish together. - [Theresa] I can see. three little ones trying, fighting over who was gonna do what. (laughing) (container scraping) - The other day was Gus's birthday. And I found Gus a puppy ... puppy pie. What was the name of it Eddie? Puppy cake or puppy pie? - (Eddie) Yeah. I'm not sure.. It was a little dog cake. (laughing) - It was a little doggy cake. And ... so the triplets were over. (laughing) And when ... Ollie saw that cake, Ollie has a cake fetish, she loves cakes! (laughing) - [Theresa] Girl after my own heart! - Uh huh uh huh And when I pulled out that cake and put that candle in the center of it and lit it so we could sing happy birthday to Gus, she started. hollering, "I want cake, I want the cake. I want cake!" And I said, "baby, this. is, this is for doggies." - [Theresa] I bet that went over well. - No, she didn't care! And before I knew it, she had. grabbed a piece of that cake, that dog cake and popped it in her mouth. I said, "No Ollie, no, no, no, no, no!" And so I decided, well, if. my grandchild was tasting it, I was gonna taste it too, to make sure she wouldn't keel over. - [Theresa] They're gonna die together. - It was, it was good! (laughing) - Well they make them all. from, I mean they're all, they're all good stuff. - Yeah. Well Cloud,. she looked on the label and it had all people. ingredients. (dish scraping) - [Eddie] Yeah, I guess I've. eaten a dog cookie before. - So it kind of tasted. like a banana nut bread or a spice cake. - [Theresa] Yum. Okay so ... - Okay so in the freezer this goes y'all. - And we'll be back. - Yes, we'll be back after it freezes. Our dessert is nice and frozen. And remember this is banana split dessert and this is what we are. kicking off summer with! So remember it's got the. ice cream sandwiches, hot fudge sauce ... - [Eddie] Caramel sauce. (knife cutting, tin foil crinkling) - Caramel sauce. All right. Let's see. Woo hoo hoo hoo! Cherries. Bananas. (knife clanking) I'm gonna need a little spoon. - [Eddie] This is better. than ice cream cake. - Huh? - I said, this is better. than ice cream cake. - Yes. You know sometimes I just. would love a banana split, but I, you know I don't wanna go to the, to the trouble of making it. Now that tin foil being in there, you just make sure, you. don't wanna eat any tin foil. Cause it'll set your hair. on fire from your fillings. (laughing) All right, so here we go. You probably need to let this, pull it out and let it sit out. a few minutes Eddie. (laughing) Happy Summer to us! Mm. The frozen bananas are delicious. Mm. Mm. If you've got sensitive teeth, be careful. (laughing) Be careful. Mm. See the cherries? And then it's topped. with a frozen topping and then topped with the chocolate covered ... What am I trying to say Eddie? - [Eddie] The whipped topping. - No. - Oh, oh, the Heath bar. - Yeah. The Heath bar,. chocolate covered Heath bar. And to me, this reminds me. of like a butter finger kinda you know, that's been crumbled up. So if y'all are expecting a crowd, this is a perfect dessert. to make because this is gonna feed a lot of. people, at least 15 people. - [Eddie] Yeah. - Maybe even 20. - You can make this way ahead of time. - Uh-huh, way ahead of time. And if you're going to. a pool party somewhere, this would be a great dessert. for the children to eat out by the pool or the. sprinkler, whatever. (laughing) Mmm. Delicious y'all. Happy Summer! Y'all stay safe and hopefully y'all will be able to get out and see some more of the country and travel and have a good time. Loving best dishes! Mmm