- Y'all remember when I told you in an earlier video that Carry, my niece babas daughter is. staying with me for two weeks along with Sullivan. (pat pat pat) Oh, our one and only baby, that Carry is high ed. And they are leaving in two weeks (Grandma crying) No, No, NO, No, NO Cause, Sullivan is so good about. helping me with my videos when he's around. So, you know what we make in selling - chocolate bar - Chocolate peanut. finger butter finger pine is going to be so good. So this is what we have to do. We have 2, 2, 4, 6 Butterfingers. It we're going to put. in our food processor. So you just hit Pause Sullivan. On that until it's flying that. Butterfingers, like Fran chromes. (Mixer grinding) So we're just going to take this off. Ah, yum. (Grandma Laughing) Look at that, Sullivan. so we're gonna bring this over here and we're gonna add this to. some Graham cracker crumbs and melted butter. And this is gonna be a crust, you in it? - Yes, I am. - I mean the women come on. Hopefully you've got a bowl over here. I am so glad that you saw that, Sullivan. On that food processor, you know, gimme, gimme, has trouble. sometimes seeing some things, okay. Now we're going to take our Butterfingers. You know, this might be my favorite. chocolate candy of all this time, (sound of bowl made through. spoon, while emptying it) Do you like this candy ? - Buddy fingers. You don't want them, oh, you Want them to get HLP supine. Okay. - I'll try. - You'll try it. - It's like a peanut butter - listen, yeah he's got a. sugar tooth, like no other, so, yeah he'll be trying it. All right. So put your Graham cracker. crumbs in there please. And now you're melting butter. Perfect. And I'll ring that out for you. Now you, need to incorporate that (glass bowl sound) with every crumb with some butter on it, Okay. Okay leave Can you Gimme help, you just, make sure. those sides get wet too. Okay, perfect. Now I put a little spray in our, it says pan, but it's actually going into a rectangular D shack 13, but number two. So put. your crust in there, please I want you to take this cup and press your cross down like that and bring it up a little. bit to the edges, Okay. Be careful though, that's glass glass. Cause I don't want to be serving you or anybody else broken glass, (grandma laughing) broken glass, peanut butter finger. And you know what? We're kind of walking down memory lane with the next few recipes that I'm going to be doing. because all of these, you know, Halloween's coming up and all of the recipes that I don't be doing for. Halloween has been in the cooking with Paula din magazine. So if you want to know, or anybody else wants to know, you can go to cooking with Paula deen.com and find all the recipes it. was in Guinea's magazine. All right, we're going to freeze this. What does that say? Can you read that? - What's there? - Right there. So you can start right there. This? - Using the bottom of a measuring cup, press mixture and to bottom and up size of a room. Very, - hurting very hurting and not age baking. She freeze until from about 10 minutes. - Okay. So that's what we do now. 10 minutes. And while this is freezing, you can get back to. working on your homework. Is that a deal in sale? - Yeah Okay. You want to take it and. put it in the freezer? Let's see. Why don't we.., my freezer drawers y'all finally came in, you know, with all this stuff going on, You might get the way the world is doing. get things now finally upload Fill these boards up Stanley Fine So, So 10 minutes you jumped. back on your homework and I'll be over here. waiting on you, Okay. Y'all ready. We've got our crust in the freezer and now we're gonna make our filling and we're gonna start. with our peanut butter and our butter and Sullivan is gonna mix that until.. - Shall I go. - Yeah go. (Mixer grinding) what would we do here, For example Stop rotating the bowl. Stop rotating the bowl. (grandma laughing) And we got a left handed biker here now are you telling that we. really love like that, here I help you (Mixer grinding sound) and then you will be good to go oh it looks really dirty all right hit that Yeah there you go oh, that's hurt. - The spinning can of heavy (grandma laughing) - it's candy Yes, Okay So, We got that beat up real good Now we're gonna add a third. of a cup of heavy cream. So you ready to pick that. up and fired off again? - I deal with this - Okay. Yeah - It seems blended well - Okay. Yeah I know you are (mixer grinder sound) let something pour that in it you did it so good Sullivan you know you been shoot a video you might be two-three years old and you always been so good to help anyone and give me a fruit shapes appreciate anybody that were help me get the job then slowly lifted, oh okay we are gonna turn it back on and then we going slowly now we are gonna put it off there you go and look You go pull that trigger. Whoa. All right? You know what? I forgot our powdered sugar. So I'm going to have to. put these back in here and these have to go a certain way. Give me one goes layer and. the fatter one goes through. Okay (mixer grinder sound) (grandma laughing) wait, wait, wait wait, wait, wait Slowly bulling. All right. So what I'm going to do now is. I'm going to take a nonstick and I'm going to spray that. because we've got to measure out one tablespoon of white corn syrup. And by spraying that it will just, it will just come right out. (grandma laughing) little bit more Now we're going to heat this in the microwave for about 30 seconds. Okay sally okay you are gonna Stir that up. okay Yeah. It's good. Denton it greed. - It sounds so good - Is it Milton? - Yeah. - Yes. Ma'am - Yes Ma'am. When you go to school, you say yes. Ma'am and no ma'am to. your teachers, don't you? - Yes. Ma'am - Good make your mama proud. That is perfect. So like, let's say ESX. Perfect. Oh I think it Perfect. Look, you started. until it was nice and smooth. So now we have to fold. in our whipped topping or are stabilized with topping. Yes. With toppings yes Cause it's fresh. It's made with fresh stuff. (grandma laugh) You like it. All right now ready? And when I say fall, you know what I mean? By phone too. Okay. Well, let's, let's get this out of. our way and I'll show you what to fold means. It means to take your spatular. I'm coming down and over, down and over. Down and over Okay. And we can't forget our nuts. I'm going to play out. this bowl over my finger down and over down, down and over you know, solving that is so good. - The chocolate. - Now I'm gonna add your chopped peanuts. - Mine. - No, he didn't make the nuts. God come make the nuts. You know, we just barn him for, oh, you got some on your thumb. You know? Gimme, gimme some motto is if it. gets on your fingers in her kitchen, right. To go like, that okay, that looks good, Sally. Now we're going to pour this top of that crust and I'll help you. I will help you empty this out. because that glass bulb can get heavy. Okay. Look at that. Okay. There You go (grandma laughing) can give me do this part for you and then you okay. Would you help me? Hold that? Boom, please. Sullivan. Thank you. Because it gets heavy. Doesn't it? - Yes ma'am. okay. Whoa whoa (grandma laugh) - let go. - It's heavy. Okay. You can let go now. That's right. Get you a little lick. And then we're going to just. take our specs for silly, like this and spread it evenly. So tomorrow when you go to school and you have another day. of not learning anything (grandma laughing) maybe you can teach. your friends something. What can you teach them? - I don't know - This - I can't go into school and be like this. - You can, you can, but you can tell him about it. You can share, you can share with what you've done. Right? Lily, What are you barking at - Vicious? - Shall i - I know it, she sounds like a bad, big, bad dog. Doesn't she? Oh my goodness. You know what? This kind. of reminds me of Carry. Remember that million dollar pie that we used to make a - million dollar pot. - You need to pay the million dollars for a piece out it too. Okay. So now we are going to, I'm going to kind of clean. up the sides where we got a little rambunctious - me. - Oh no, I won't do it again. Cleaning - all right smell Butterfingers. (grandma laugh) Are they tweaked? Hopefully they're Butterfingers. I mean tweets. - Okay. So now we've gotten to. spread this chocolate over your feeling. Okay. Kind of. Yeah. Kind of drizzle it. Hey, this is going to be so good. All right. Now this is when. we have to take up a thing. The spatular people always making fun of the way I say spatular, but it's. spatular - My friend at school called him. Piano, piano - Piano (grandma laughing) - Monday morning. We talk about. our weekends and she's like, I went to my friend's birthday. party and smack a piano and we all started laughing and. I was about to say, and then, and then I was like, oh, piano - Did that embarrass her? - Probably because every. single kid in the class laughing. - So you taught somebody. something that they'd be - Yeah don't say piano - Joking about that word. He said in the car that. we laughed about so loud. - Oh my gosh. You've. said some funny words. So when you're saying. - Huh. - Huh? - Me, you and daddy were in the truck. - Oh, I saw that thing on. the map and I was like, oh, - You're talking about like, - oh yeah, so I'll go see one of. that on my dad's truck. And I want to say, remove the triangle. And I'm like remove the triangle from Buddha. - Like Bermuda shorts. All right I got one more thing to do Sally. And this is our garner - Are this butterfingers - Butterfingers. And all right, hold on. You want tweaks? Well,. I don't have any tweaks. All right. So Guinea is going to do this, but keep your little digits away from it. Cause - I can cut it right. No, not, not with this knife. This is a serious knife. So we just don't course cut these up. So this is going to be our garnish. So from here on that, your job is eat it. - That is my job always - All right. Now we're going to spread. We're going to sprinkle this on top. - Let me get some, - we'll get you some,. get in the, get you soon. And he's great. Great is here. As I told John earlier,. and he asked if great great in our video, so y'all want to hear a funny story. So George, my cousin, George Piggy's oldest son brought her, brought her over here from Albini's for her doctor's appointment - said Albany, Georgia, - Albany, Georgia, and got out of the car here. You know, it's like a four hour drive.. Like I have a car here. So this was Saturday. It was Saturday. So, and I don't have a car. And, and - notice when - they realize it, George did not put great. grapes suitcase in the car. So now this is Monday and. this happened on Saturday. - Saturday So we are doing some hand washing. (grandma laughing) So her suitcase, George got in his car. the next morning early, went back to Albany, got her suitcase, took it to ups and it. should arrive tomorrow. - Why not? Delightful thing. - Its a good thing She. likes what she's got home. I'm just so thankful she had her meds. - Yes. I had two things, my pocket book with my wallet in it and love the bag. So that was good. - So a long story short. So the reason, well we'll dip it up. The reason that that's it maybe later because Guinea doesn't, I mean, great, great. Doesn't have any makeup or clothes. All right. So just neatly cut a little bite. Without messing it up Ooh, you got the goods. Okay. Bon Appetite. No double dipping (grandma laughing) my copper much to the shelf. I'm telling you he did a fine job. - Wonderful. - I want some more So I'll give you up some, so you look up there I'm on. camera and tell everybody that you send them loving best dishes. Okay. - Sullivan said loving best dishes. Y'all it's certainly great great. - Great, great.