- Well, hey friends, y'all come on in. Here in Savannah, we are knocking on St. Patrick's days door. You know, it's a huge celebration. A lot of Catholic Irish people live here. And I mean, it's a big, big celebration, religious to a lot of locals and party time for a lot of. people visiting our city. So I know I've told. y'all many, many times, but Savannah is the second. largest celebration of St. Patrick's day in the country, only second behind New York City, so we're serious about St.. Patrick's day down here. So for the next few videos,. I'm gonna be doing things that if you happen to be. celebrating St Patrick's day, or even if you're not, you know, got some shirts that say,. well kiss me, I'm Irish, or just kiss me. It don't. matter what I am. (laughing) I don't know. But anyway, this is. called an Irish cream cake and was this in the magazine? Did this come outta Cooking. with Paula Deen Magazine? So I love it because. it's a tried and true. And the other reason I love it is because I'm starting with a cake mix. If you learn how to doctor. up things like this, it makes life so easy y'all.. So I got my cake mix in here. It's just mix, mix, mix, and. I'm gonna pour my eggs in here and my oil, and I've got two tablespoons. of coffee, instant coffee. Where is the handle? There it is. That we dissolved in a cup of water. So all that just goes in here and we're gonna beat it. for like two minutes. Okay, so that cake mix y'all. makes it so easy. I love it. So we're gonna put this in. two, nine inch cake pans. And if y'all watched the video when I made my grandmother's. red velvet cake, I showed you a couple of tricks about ensuring that your cakes come out good. I remember one cake, I. didn't follow my own advice. (laughing) You know, that. fig cake, my goodness. Half came out and half. stayed in. (chuckles) All right. So, you know, I've. told y'all before I do this I just try to get 'em as even as I can. So I just use my cup. So, these cake pans are. lined with wax paper y'all so I know those cakes are. gonna come out nice and clean. Now this cake appeared to have. a lot of air bubbles in it. So I'm gonna bring it over here. Can you see that in? Can you see the bubbles coming to the top? 'Cause, you know, I. just don't want my cake to have a lot of holes in it. I banged them y'all and there's still a lot of bubbles on top. You can see 'em and. maybe if I bang them five or 10 more times, but. you see those bubbles? So we just gonna have. some bubbles this cake. Okey dokey. I am. preparing now the frosting for our Irish cream cake. And you can see how good they came out, but little air bubbles,. but that's all right. I'm not going sweat it. So the frosting is just as. easy as the cake was y'all. I used a fourth of a cup. of Baileys Irish cream. Now you can get less expensive. brands than this one. So it's up to you, but. that's what we used. And I added one and a half tablespoons of instant coffee to this. So. we're just gonna beat up our two sticks of butter. until it's nice and creamy. And then I'm gonna add. my coffee and my Baileys. And then I'm gonna add one cup of 4X sugar until I have it all incorporated. And we're gonna frost the top. and the sides of this cake and when I get it all frosted, I'm gonna go around the side of the cake, and just pat these almonds, these slivered almonds onto just the side. I like a lot of nuts y'all. Y'all wanna make sure that. you stop a couple of times and just scrape around your bowl to make sure all your. ingredients get mixed up. Now it's time to add our sugar. I don't know why they make these cords so it don't wanna sit right. So about a cup at a time until. I have it all incorporated. And that is four cups of confection sugar. But remember at the end of this video you'll have the complete directions and amounts for this recipe. So if you didn't get it while. we doing it, not to worry. All right and the last. of the 4X sugar goes in. And if I find this is too thick for me, I may cut it with a. little bit of heavy cream or half and half farm milk. But I'm gonna check out the thickness. It looks like it's gonna. be a very thick frosting. And remember to stop your. mixer every couple of times and scrape down the sides so you won't have clumps of things that didn't get mixed together. And this frosting is very, very thick. So I'm gonna add I think I'll. start with like a tablespoon because confectionate sugar. can become very liquidy quick using just a little bit of liquid. Just adding a little bit of liquid, it can take it down quick. And you know, I've always told you I have a hard time following my recipe even if it's my recipe. (chuckles) So I'm gonna add a little bit. of my pure vanilla extract. That you'll find in our. stores now. So good. It's not a flavoring. It's the real deal. I'm ready to start the frosting procedure. I'm gonna put a little dab of frosting just right there in the center so that my cake won't slide around on me. Now some people, if they're. looking for a perfect cake they'll slice this top off so it'll be completely flat, but not me because tasting good and having as much cake as I can get means more than it being totally flat. So I just wanna make sure. that that's in the center and it looks like it's in the center. And we're gonna frost layers and sides. Look how perfectly even these cakes are. Totally the same size. Now, this is the way I. like to frost my cakes. I like to put me a big old glob. towards the edge of my cake. And then I like to bring. that down on the sides. To me, it's just, I can. seem to do a better job doing it that way. Okay. I just wanna clean up my. cake plate just a little bit before I start putting the almonds and I should have torn pieces of wax paper and put under this so I could. have just pulled them out and kept a nice clean. edge, but I didn't do that. So what I'm gonna do is. just pat those almonds onto the sides of the cake and then I'll come back. and get what didn't stick. So that's it. Look how. beautiful that cake is. And you saw how little. effort it took to make it. I mean, it's looks like you worked on it for hours and hours. Y'all, it kinda tastes. like coffee ice cream. I love me some blue. bells coffee ice cream. And this is what it tastes like to me. In fact, a scoop of that would. be very good on this cake. It's just a pretty cake. That coffee just gives it. the prettiest shade of brown. It's delicious. Happy St. Patrick's day to me. (chuckles) Yum.