- Y'all with me, Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes. - Okay. I am fixing to make, one of my favorite things. in the whole entire world. And um, that is a coconut cream pie. It's not gonna be like a regular pie on a pie shelf. You know, to me, homemade pies are almost a thing of the past now because they're tedious,. the meringue weeps and you know, just a lot of things, but there is nothing in the world better than a homemade chocolate meringue, lemon, ah, pecan, oh, my gosh. There's nothing better. than a homemade pie, ever, and a cup of coffee. - [Eddie] And a Swiss, swiss meringue will make you want that and only that. - Oh like the chocolate, Swiss meringue pie?. - Swiss meringue topping. - Oh, the topping, yeah. (laughing) Oh, Oh, Oh, you're talking about, yeah. The one that- - That you whip up,. - Yeah That, yeah, over boiling water. - Yes. - Oh the Swiss meringue is incredible. It's like the beginning. of a homemade divinity. - Yeah - And there ain't nothing like it, but this one is not going. to have Swiss meringue. - Nope. - No, it's going to have. a coconut whipped cream because this is going. to be one of those pies that you have to keep refrigerated, if there's any leftover. But I want to share with y'all, this is on the news stands right now, cooking with Paula Deen magazine. You can find this, on the newsstand quite often in your grocery stores. And if you don't see it,. ask if they would carry, start carrying this magazine, that's one sure way to get. it in your neighborhood. If it's not there, but here we're going to. make our coconut cream pie, which makes me so happy. We're going to make it. in a 13 by 9 by 2 pan. So, if you want to make me happy. when you're sharing a recipe and it calls for a 13 by 9 pan, this girls all in, because it just makes things so easy. So I hope y'all will pick. up a magazine, but you know, you'll be able to find this recipe online, but it's just out of this world. So we're going to start. by making our crust and, let's see how much, how much, we're using one cup,. plus two tablespoons of all purpose flour. And we are using a teaspoon of kosher salt. We're using one teaspoon of sugar. Okay. We're using a half a cup. of cold unsalted butter, and we've got a fourth of a. cup of cold, cold buttermilk. So we've got all of our dry ingredients, in our bowl, and I've cubed up our butter. So I'm going to drop in the end and it's, it's cold too y'all. Now you can use two forks, which is what I'm going to do, because I threw my pastry cutter, I threw it in the trash. because it got where it hurt my hands, cause a little handle would move. So I hadn't replaced it, so I'm just going to use. these old timey forks, the way they used to do it. And I'm just going to cut. all that in to our pie crust and into our flour. And then I'm going to pat it out, in, into a rectangle shape. I think I'm going to do this, I think I'm going to do. it with a knife instead. Oh, and we go put it in a refrigerator for a minimum of 30 minutes and you goin' to want this to look like, kinda like a coarse corn meal. And if you don't have a pastry cutter, it might take a few minutes. But that's alright. Okay. That's a fourth of a cup of buttermilk, and I wound up using my hands to cut that butter into the flour, and I told Eddie, I said, "God, didn't give us these hands and arms just so they'd look good in a shirt". He gave us two of them, because they are the. best tools in the world. So I think it could use. just maybe a little bit more buttermilk, so you know what I'm gonna do? I'm just going to borrow a little of the cold milk. I don't want to get it, I don't want to get it too wet. (bowl scraping) It looks like it's starting to, try form my little, dough. So, you know, you'll just have to judge, make a judgment call if you. need a little extra buttermilk. So I think that's going. to do nicely. All right. So now I'm gonna, see if I can encourage. it to come together. The warmth of your hands makes it much more workable, the heat from our hands, and this looks good, I'm glad. I added a little bit more, of our milk. And we don't want to handle. this too much because, it might make our dough tough, and we don't want tough dough. All right, so I'm gonna I'm gonna put a little flour down and I'm going to press this out into a rectangle shape, just to kind of do this and. then I'm going to transfer it, and we'll transfer it to a cookie sheet over here I've got a cookie. sheet with parchment paper and remember while you're rolling it out, you wanna kind of keep it in the shape of that pan, like that (parchment paper rustles) So I'm going to transfer this over to my parchment paper. I hope I didn't wait too late to do this. I didn't, it's perfect. Probably should have started out, you know on the parchment paper. I think this is one reason why pies are becoming extinct, because they are, they're work, they, they are work, But it's so worth it. So I'm going to cover this with a cloth, I'm going to put it in the. refrigerator and I'm going to let it sit for a minimum of 30 minutes. (spraying from can). Okey dokey It's been 30 minutes or a little more give or take. I'm just going to kind. of very, very gently, but not do gently, to get it loose from the paper. Can you pull that?. - There you go - Okay, and we'll need to bring it down. just a little bit, perfect. So we're just going to press this, in the bottom and up. the sides a little bit, whatever we, just like that, and this doesn't have to be. pretty like you would think a pie crust, you know, would have to be, cause a good chance it. might not even be shown, but see to me, that's fine right. there, that's like perfect. And I'm just going to. come in here over here, and smish that out a little bit. Now while we are waiting for our pie crust to to chill, Eddie and I started looking. for our, pie weights. You know, they looked like. maybe little white beans, dried beans, well, we couldn't find them. So I just went into the pantry and got some dried peas, it doesn't matter, navy. beans, white beans. black-eyed peas, just anything. that will serve as a weight. Okay, this is perfect. Perfect, perfect. Okay, so what we're gonna do now, is we're gonna lay down. our parchment paper and ah, you pour your pie weights on at this time, but we don't have them. So I'm not going to worry about it, I'm just gonna, pour our split peas out and that'll weight down. the parchment paper. So it'll stay on, and we're gonna bake this for, we're gonna bake it for about. 20 minutes and then I'm going to very, very carefully, take the parchment paper out and let it cook for about 8 more minutes. So in the oven it goes,. beautiful pie crust. While our pie crust is baking, I'm going to get our fillings started. And I have my sugar, cornstarch, which is going. to be our thickening agent for this. And, about three quarters, no, about a fourth of a teaspoon of salt. Doesn't take a whole bunch,. but just a little bit. All right, so I'm just gonna, swish my, whisk just around in there. and it's almost kind of like sifting it, so there we go. Now we're slowly gonna add, coconut milk and regular milk or it, yeah, is it ah - [Eddie] - Yeah its. unsweetened coconut milk. - Yeah, its, two cups of, two cups of canned coconut unsweetened coconut, and. then two cups of, ah, - [Eddie] Whole milk. - Yeah, I'm trying to see, oh yeah, there, I see it. I couldn't see it. Okay so we, we don't want to. dump that all in at one time, we want to kind of slowly add it. So it won't clump and lump on us. All right, the next thing. we're going to do is, I'm going to beat up our eggs. (electric whisk working) I'm going to have those. at room temperature. Okay, and I'm gonna add this, to our liquids. Take my little whisk and, (bowl scrapes) Those are some pretty yellow yolks. That's hard to say, the word joke wants to. come out instead of yolk. Okay. So we are going to cook this, (gas stove igniting) over medium heat for about 10 minutes. And we want to constantly stir that, because we don't want to. wind up with scrambled eggs. (whisk stirring) So we're good to go. And, we'll add our coconut and our vanilla flavoring, after it comes to fall and start to thicken. Okay, so I'm going to take it off to fire and I'm going to stir in two teaspoons of vanilla flavoring. And again, this is our homemade vanilla. It is so good. Oh, it just smells heavenly. But if I were to taste that finger, it sure wouldn't taste good. It would be like straight vodka, (whisk stirring) with vanilla flavoring. Okay. (whisk taps the bowl) All right, now I'm going to add about two and a fourth cups of ah, shredded coconut. Now you can actually add. as much as you- whoa, as much as you like. Just do it to suit your taste. It's funny, some people love coconut, and some people don't like it at all. I happened to love coconut. All right, this is a half a cup measuring. So, I'm going to do a. half a cup at a time, until I get it the way I want it. And we know we want at. least one cup of coconut. So that's one cup. Let's see what that looks like. (whisk stirring) Ooh, that looks pretty good. I think for my family's taste, I think I'm going to do, uh oh, Look I sat it on that hot fire. (laughing). on that hot iron. So, I'm going to do another, heap and half a cup. So that's probably, I would say, cause I. did them in big scoops, I'd say that's probably. about two cups of coconut. Wouldn't you say, Eddie? - [Eddie] - Yeah, yeah, it looks good. - Yes. I like more custard than I do the coconut. So I'm going to pour this into our crust. I probably, Eddie should've, should've rolled that crust. out a little bit more, but, I didn't, so, the custard is going to be. covering up all of the crust, that's what I was saying about. it, doesn't matter if it's pretty or not. But I should have rolled it a little bit, more so I'd have more goin' up the sides. (spatula tapping pan) This looks like creamed corn, doesn't it? (Eddie laughing) It looks just like my creamed corn that we had last night for supper, or real buttery mashed potatoes. All right, now I'm going to take, a piece of plastic wrap. - [Eddie] That's right here. - Plastic wrap is? - [Eddie] Yeah,. - Oh! - Thank you, Eddie, I had it covered up. I'm not fond about this wrap Eddie but, I'm gonna use it. Now we want to put this. on top of our filling, so it won't get that, that like, that skin on top of it, you know? And ah, cause it'll make it kinda, kinda hard. And I'm going to lightly spray this, so it will come off of our custard, because I am going to be. taking this off we are not eating plastic wrap, between our custard and our filling. Oh, the pan's hot. So you just want to press it down, just like that, so your plastic wrap is actually, touching, your custard. And like I said, it'll protect it from. that skin that gets on it. So, I'm gonna leave this. out for about 10 minutes, then I'm going to put it in a refrigerator and let it sit about 3 hours and then I'm going to come back in and show y'all what I use for the topping. And it's going to be a,. a coconut whipped topping that goes on it. (clapping) It's going to be good. So remember, I suggested that you put a thin, not thin layer because saran wrap is- you can only get it in one strength, but I said to press it into your, your custard. And I actually sprayed it, with some nonstick so you see by doing that, it didn't stick to any. of the custard part. So this looks, so good y'all. All right, now we're going. to top it with a coconut whipped, whipped cream. And I am going to start with a half a cup of unsweetened, coconut milk. And one and a half cups of heavy cream. And Eddie had put this bowl, in the freezer so it's nice and cold, so hopefully it will- all right come on up here. (giggles) I got you. Okay, so I'm going to beat it until kind of soft peaks form, and then I'm going to add the sugar too, and vanilla. (electric whisk working) Okay, let's see. Okay it's starting to form soft peaks, so, I'm gonna start adding the sugar. And let's see how much sugar it is, it's 6 tablespoons of sugar. Look how beautiful and thick that is. Now, if you really wanted to, you could make a meringue, and put on this, but I think, I think we're doing the right thing by using the heavy cream. Oh, I forgot the vanilla, Eddie that done it. All right, so, we put some grated coconut, in the air fryer and toasted it. We're just going to sprinkle that on top, and you can see how pretty, by toasting the coconut, how it shows up against the white of the heavy cream. What do you think Eddie? - [Eddie] It looks good. (laughing) - Doesn't that look good? - [Eddie] Yeah. I mean, hey, I mean it's a bigger pie. (laughing) - I know it will get many more. pieces out of this one Eddie then if we made it like, all right, there you go, let me get you a fork. And how about handing me the camera. - [Eddie] Oh, well, - And ah, 'cause you look much- (indistinct) Oh, here comes Peeks, he had a piece of cake at uh, (laughing) Okay, the proof's in the pudding they say. Hey Pee-Paw, - That's good. It's really good. - Eddie doesn't get real excited, and he's not real demonstrative, but I think, looking at his face and. knowing him like I do, I think he really does like it. - [Eddie] And I picked the recipe. - Huh? What? - And I picked the recipe. - And you picked the recipe, yes he did. - But ah, - [Peeks] How about cookies, any good? - No, no, they're not any good Pee-Paw. I want you to taste- you going to eat that Eddie? - [Eddie] Yeah. (laughing) - Huh? - Yeah I'm eating the whole thing. All right, Peeks, get you. a spoon and bite into that coconut cream pie. You've never seen me make a. coconut cream pie in a pan, like that, have you? - Oh yeah. - This is the first time. I've ever made that for you. - Oh, that was my other girlfriend. (laughing) - You ain't got no girlfriends, there's no double dipping,. so get what you want. - Delicious, now I need a cookie to wash it down. (laughing) - Get you one big boy. - I'll have this little one. - Okay, those are monster cookies, for my monster mash man. Which do you like the best? - Gonna take me a while. (laughing) - You think the pies better? - I like the pie better than the cookies. - Well, I'm going to have to taste. - I like the pies better. - You think the pies better? - Now I gotta eat this big old cookie. - Now he's gotta eat that. big old cookie, he say. Oh, look at Eddie, he's. going to be a member of the clean plate club. Well, I hope y'all love this. recipe, and like I said, you'll have to check out, this magazine 13 by 9, that is on the shelf right now, and I'll give y'all one. more quick look at it, because if you're like me, 13 by 9s. - [Eddie] Yeah they have. some great casseroles. - Great casseroles in here, yes. There you go. 13 by 9 baking. So there you go. Love and best dishes y'all.