- I am standing up here. readin' y'all another recipe that's being shared by a friend out there, her name is Debbie Thornton. She has a cookie recipe. that her mother-in-law made for many years and she. passed away last year. I'm sorry to hear about. your all's loss, Debbie. But David goes on to. say it was her husband's favorite cookie and I would. love to share it if you could on your YouTube channel. So thank you Debbie for wantin' to do that and I am so happy to be sharin' it. I was at the drug store last night and was lookin' on the candy aisle and I came up to these orange slices, those little orange candies. And I thought, "Oh, I love. those, I wanna get some!" But I said, "No, you got enough. sweet stuff at the house," so I left them. And today (giggles) I'm. making an orange slice cookie. So Debbie, thank you so much for sharing your. mother-in-law's recipe with us. There, how about that. for a book holder, Eddie? I'm gonna start by siftin'... Let's see, it's two cups of. flour, all purpose flour, with a pinch of salt. And I had the salt in this one measurer, a teaspoon of baking soda and. a teaspoon of baking powder. If you don't have a. sifter, things like this work very, very well. And I've got a sifter, but. I think I was just too lazy to look for it, Debbie (giggles). - [Eddie] I think I saw. it in the dishwasher. - What?. - I think I saw it in the dishwasher.. - Think you saw it in the dishwasher (giggles)? Okay so there we go, that was real simple. (utensils clang) So we have one cup of sugar. One cup, let me make sure. I'm telling y'all right, yes, one cup of white sugar,. one cup of brown sugar, and a cup of shortening. Now I love... I don't like digging out solid. shortening out of those cans. I just love it now that. they do it in stick form and this is a butter flavor shortening. So we're just gonna cream. these ingredients together. See, it looks like butter y'all. (mixer revs). Debbie says that the hardest part about this recipe, and I know she ain't lying about that, the hardest part of this. recipe was slicing up these orange candies into small pieces. And she says she sprays,. she learned over the years, to spray her knife with a non-stick spray and she'd have to do. it two or three times. But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna add a little bit of flour. You know when you're making. like oatmeal cookies, I love raisins in 'em. or blueberry muffins, to keep things on kilter,. keep your blueberries or your raisins from. settling to the bottom, you just need to dust. them with a little flour. And see how they've already. separated now because of that because I did that? So I like that. So those are gonna be ready. And now that I have creamed this some, I'm gonna add the two eggs that have been slightly beaten and that's gonna finish. creamin' that butter and sugar really, really well.. (mixer revs) Okay so Debbie says add the orange candies so I think that we do the. rest of this, y'all, by hand. I can't believe I was. craving these orange candies last night and here I am today making 'em. (spoon taps) All right, so we sifted the. flour, the soda, the powder, and the salt together. Now I'm gonna add the sifted ingredients to our wet ingredients. Mm mm. I can't wait to taste this, Debbie. I have never had an orange. slice candy cookie before, I've had an orange slice cake. So now I'm gonna add, let me. see how much we had in coconut, cup of coconut and two cups of oatmeal. It kind of sounds like an oatmeal cookie with a little bit of orange raisin in it. I'm surprised it doesn't. call for nuts, Debbie. But I'm making this just. like you said to make it. And Debbie goes on to say, to. drop this by just spoonfuls, so just depending on how. big you want your cookies. (glass clangs) Takes a little muscle, but almost got it. (glass clangs) Come in with both hands. (glass clangs) There 'ya go (giggles)! As Olivia says, "There you go!" (giggles) Hadn't you heard her say that, Eddie? - Yes.. - "There you go!" - [Eddie] She's starting to repeat everything you say right now. - Uh uh. She's like a little mockingbird. All right, so I am gonna drop those on a pre-greased cookie sheet and Debbie said to bake 'em. for 10 to 12 minutes or longer. So there again, it depends. on how you like your cookies. If you like them on the. softer side, cook 'em less. If you like them crispy, cook 'em more. 375, pre-heated oven, y'all. Okay, Debbie said to leave. these sittin' on the tray for five minutes before. you transfer them over to a cooling rack so. that's what we're gonna do. Five minutes will fly by. (pans clang) (door slams). There we go! Oh, they look delicious. I don't see the orange candies in them. That looks like maybe. that was one right there, I don't know. Oh, I see a little piece of orange! There's a little piece of orange. I can't wait. I can't wait to taste 'em. It's been almost five minutes hadn't it? I've been thinking about. it for five minutes, but you definitely want to spray your pan. Thank you, Teresa (giggles). - [Teresa] Oh, you wanna... Oh, I'm sorry!. - It fell off my hand. Because they could stick for a little bit, so you wanna spray that pan. Okay, that is the first. pan and I've still got at least this many more to bake off. Who likes warm cookies? Oh! I see that candy!. - I see it! I see it! - I see that candy, Debbie (giggles)! Mm, they are delicious. Would you like the other. half of my cookie, Eddie? - [Teresa] How is it, Eddie? - Good, yeah.. - Delicious. - [Eddie] Taste the orange. - It's delicious. - Do they melt?. - Uh uh. Uh uh. See it stayed in little cubes? - That's one of our questions... Yeah it did, didn't it? One of our questions was. - You're going to think I'm nuts, y'all, I'm not real crazy about. cookies while they're warm, but honey, I'll mow 'em. down once they cool off. How about you Eddie? - [Eddie] Either way. - Either way (giggles)? Michael. I can't stand to see a grown man cry. Come on. Come on. How about a bite? - No, I'm havin'... Look what I'm havin'... (laughs). - He's havin' lettuce. - [Eddie] A lettuce cookie. - And tuna salad (laughs)! If you're not gonna take. it, quit the cryin'. - [Teresa] Exactly, I'm. with you on that one. He's got to go. - I'm thinking the same thing, Teresa. - [Teresa] He's got to go. - He got to go (giggles)! And I got to go (giggles)!