- Hey y'all, it's Jamie Deen here today and I'm in Mama's kitchen. I'm here to share one of my. favorite recipes with y'all. This is a brownie chocolate chip bar. This combines two of my favorite things, brownies and chocolate chip cookies and it turns them into one. Now the plan for this is. that it's the perfect dish to put on your table after the. big game coming up, you know, in February, I guess it is. So if you're not already subscribed to Mom's YouTube channel, this is the place where. you can come and find all of these recipes I've. shot 20 or 30 of these videos. I know Mom has probably shot a hundred. My brother shot them. We'd love to invite you all. to join our YouTube page so you can never miss out. on one of these recipes. They're always simple. They're always good for your family. And you know, they're always delicious. Well, let's get started. We've got two parts to this now. So chocolate chip and brownie. We're gonna start with. the chocolate chip part. These are homemade chocolate chip cookies. I've got my brown sugar that I'm gonna, let's see, I'm gonna, I'll try to give you the measurements 'cause. that's what Theresa would like for me to do. Although I know that you'll be able to find it on the page somewhere. That's one and a half cups. of packed brown sugar, and to that I'm gonna beat up these two sticks of butter. There's very few things more exciting than watching somebody grind up brown sugar and butter. But in spite of that, I'm gonna take a minute. and share with you all something that I've. been working on it too. I am building birdhouses. It's very exciting. My dad, who you may know. passed away in 2020, he was a big builder and. he loved to build things. And one of the last things. he built was a bird house. So after Daddy passed away, my brother and I got my daddy's tools and I decided shortly after Daddy passed that I was gonna make bird houses and sell a million of them and I'm gonna give all. the money to cancer. Well, over a period of time, I figured out that I wasn't. ready to move on to that. It took me a while. I walked around my daddy's. tools and I thought about it. And you know, I told my wife,. I said, for some reason, I'm not getting in there. I'm walking around the tools but it was my time to. grieve the loss of my daddy. It wasn't time to start my business. But one year after he passed away, I started Daddy's Birdhouse. I made 18 and I sold them, every birdhouse is a hundred dollars. I said, well, I'm gonna. give $90 to cancer, I'll keep 10 to help me buy. woods and stuff like that. It's too complicated. I just decided to give. all the money to cancer. So every birdhouse is a hundred dollars and I will give your a hundred dollars to the American Cancer. Society in honor of my daddy. And you get a homemade bird house. - [Paul] Can I run and get the bird house that you made for me and show everybody? - Sure. - [Paula] I'll be right back. - My Etsy page is called Daddysbirdhouse. It's all one word. So if you wanna check me. out on Instagram or Twitter, I've got a link there,. but Daddysbirdhouse. Spring's coming up so y'all need a bird house. for your little birdies. So go check out the bird houses I've made, you see I've been painting this morning, my hands got black paint all over them. It's just enough time for. me to give a commercial for my little business. So we've got our brown sugar and our butter beat together really well. And we're gonna add to this two eggs. One, (egg cracking) two and I'm gonna combine these two eggs with the brown sugar. (mixer grinding) and our butter. This is three things that start off many a delicious dessert recipe,. brown, sugar, butter, and eggs. (mixer grinding) - Knock, knock. This is the birdhouse y'all that Jamie made for me. And it was wood found in his daddy's shop after his daddy passed away and I would he never put this one outside because I just wanna keep it. in so I can protect it forever and one of the grandchildren can have it, but I love it, I love it so much. You know, I'm gonna brag a second on you. He is so good in the kitchen, y'all. He made a meal the other. night for his family and he was showing me the picture. Oh, where's your phone? - It's really hard y'all, it's steak and baked potato. - No, listen, you cook us, where's you phone? - I'm gonna combine two. cups of all purpose flour with say one cup of. chocolate chip morsels. - Not there. - I got a half a teaspoon of salt and I've got how much baking soda is this? One teaspoon of baking soda. - [Paula] I found it. - I'm gonna, good luck figuring. out the code to open it. I'm gonna combine all these ingredients. So, I'm gonna slowly incorporate the flour into our mixture here. (mixer grinding) So, I've got all this stuff combined. I'm gonna put that into, I'm gonna press it into. the bottom of this pan. You wanna steak that's cooked perfect. That one turned out pretty good. - And look at the other. things on the plate. His plate was so beautiful. - I made baked potato with mayonnaise and fresh onions on top and a roasted some cauliflower. - Wait, wait, wait, let us. see it a little bit longer. - They saw. - No. - You're gonna take a nine by 13 pan and line it with tin foil. And now that I've got our cookie dough, look, homemade cookie dough. See how simple that was? Is anybody able to. follow what I was saying between me talking about birdhouses and my mama and talking about a steak I made three nights ago? Probably not. - [Lady] She's so proud of you. - Well, I'm very proud of her. We are a blessed family. that are surrounded with talented people that. help us achieve things that most people can't. And I'm very proud of Mom, I'm very, very, very,. very proud of my brother. So I'm gonna spread this out. If this were my house, boy, don't you know I would. have some people wanting to lick this clean. My wife, Brooke loves cookie. dough more than she loves me? I don't know, it's close. Mm, look at this, this. is gonna be delicious. So if you have a favorite bar dessert, y'all leave a comment. And if you got a bar like maybe. you have when you were a kid and you can't remember how. to make it, let us know and maybe we can put one together for you. Hmm. All right, I got one more part of this. We run a little long here,. so we're gonna take a break. Let me reset, then we're. gonna do the brownie top. We'll get this baby in the oven. Y'all stick around, mm. Okay, y'all this part is super easy. This is just a box of. your favorite brownie mix. So whatever brand that you like to use, and we're gonna follow the recipes. So I've already put our brownie mix and we've got one third a cup of oil, we're using pure vegetable. oil and we have two eggs. This is just the. directions on the package. I'm gonna blend all this together. (mixer grinding) So we're following the. package just as it is. We've got this blended together well, and now we're gonna layer. Mm, I love bar dessert. I think it wasn't too long ago that my wife made some of. these, cookie bars are so good. I came home one day and. Brooke had made some, but she just made a. regular chocolate chip bar and this has got the. brownie element on the top. Mm, and you don't have to wait till there is football game. to make stuff like this. Just like when Brooke and the boys, when the boys and I got. home and we had seen that Brooke had made a special dessert in the middle of the week. for no reason whatsoever, but that's a good surprise. Okay, I've got all this pretty much even, now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take the back end of my spoon and I'm gonna swirl this stuff together. So it'll be kind of marbled. when we cook it together, it doesn't have to be top or bottom. Get this nice swirl. And as it bakes and rises together, we'll get a little bit of the brownie down in the cookie dough and a. little bit of the cookie dough up in the brownie. Great time of day. Now this is gonna go into an oven that Theresa has turned on for us. It's at 350 and we're gonna cook this until the edges start to pull away. That's about 40 minutes. So that's what we're gonna start with. One last good deep swirl. Mm, mm, that's looking nice. Go into the oven for 40 minutes. That gives me time to clean up and maybe build a birdhouse or two. Y'all stick around, it's worth the wait. Hey y'all, look at this. That is a beautiful brownie. And you see how the brownies. still kind of gooey in there with the chocolate chip that's. firm in the middle of it? Mm, these are not gonna. last long around here. - Mm-mm. - Peach Groover is sitting right there. I promise you, he's thinking about a chocolate chip brownie bar. Y'all remember, when you. cut your first one out, stick these in the refrigerator. for about four hours. Really get them firm up so. you've got a good cookie bar. I couldn't wait any longer. though y'all, this is delicious. I hope you enjoy the big game. I hope your big team wins. and I hope you'll join me back here in Mama's kitchen. I see y'all around. Mm.