- I have got, the older I get,. you know, my taste changes. I was in my 50s before. I ever drank coffee, I was in my later 50s, and Michael said, "I can't believe you don't drink coffee." So I said, well, "You know I gotta try." 'Cause he came up with a. line of his own coffee. So I'm doing a icy coffee punch. Now, that was two, was that? - [Theresa] Four cups. - Four cups of milk, and I've got three cups of black coffee. I'm just gonna mix those together. This is super, super simple, and a great way to have your coffee. All right, I'm gonna need a half a cup. I don't know if this screws off. I don't think it does. I'm going to do it this way. I need a half a cup up of chocolate syrup, so y'all bear with me. (chuckles) - [Theresa] And Paula, this. will hold in the refrigerator. - Yes, for several days. - [Theresa] A couple of days. - Yes, 'cause it makes a nice pitcher. - [Theresa] What a great. way to have your coffee in the afternoon. - Have you cake and eat. it too, honey. (chuckles) Okay, I meant to spray that, and I forgot. (chuckles) You know this is gonna be good. Okay, so you would put. it in the refrigerator just like this after you. get it mixed up good, and like Theresa was saying,. that'll last several days, 'cause it'd be hard to drink that in one sitting, wouldn't it? - [Theresa] Unless you were. serving it like at a party. - Oh yes. - [Theresa] What a great brunch. - Yes, uh oh, I got some on the- All right, so now I'm gonna take a scoop of ice cream, and I got. busy doing something else, so this melted a little bit, and I'm slinging it everywhere. And I'm just gonna cover the ice cream with my coffee mixture. (chuckles) - [Theresa] An adult float. - And you could actually add amaretto, or something like that, a liqueur to this if you wanted really an adult beverage. Oh man, it's so good. (Theresa laughing) It is so, so good. - [Theresa] Good summer drink. - Yum. (chuckles) - [Theresa] Easy. - Easy, easy, easy, easy. So if you're looking for something if you're having ladies over for bridge or something like that, this is a nice little frosty. icy punch to give them, plus it'll wake 'em up. (both laughing) Love and best dishes to y'all. Yum.