- Hey, y'all. It's fall y'all. Can you believe... Isn't this like the. third day of fall, Eddie? Something like that? - [Eddie] Uh, no fall was last week. - Oh last week, okay. (Eddie laughs) - Well, I knew it was fall ya'll. - [Eddie] We are into fall. - And to me, (clears throat) Excuse me, to me in my. mind, when I think of fall, first thing I think of is that incredibly beautiful apple orchard I went in, in New York state. First time I'd ever. been in an apple orchard and it was just breathtaking. to ride in there and seeing these beautiful. green trees covered, just covered with red apples. So, I was so happy. You know, I'm always asking. what y'all are doing. I was so happy when a precious lady wrote to me. She wrote me the sweetest letter and she sent me a recipe for her mom's glazed, fresh, apple cookies. And it just had everything that I love. And she even sent me a picture. of her mother and father and look how cute they were. So cute. Just adorable. I know, I know that she misses her mother and daddy, and I know I do too. After all these years, I miss mine. But, this letter came in to me from Penny Warner, from Urbana, Missouri. So she said that both of our. parents passed away in 2019. And, she goes on to say, I just love the informality of your show. Since the pandemic, it. feels like I'm your friend in the kitchen, and you are Penny. That's. the way I hope that you feel. And I drink my coffee while I wait, watch you cook and bake. I hope you continue this format even after the world quits spinning backwards. I love you and just enjoy watching you and your staff, Michael, the boys and their precious family,. your extended family, and the pups too. Wishing you love and happiness, always.. Thank you so much, Penny. And I wish the same for you. And I so appreciate you sharing. your mom's recipe with me. And this is the picture, probably. one of the last pictures, taken of 'em. Look at him, and she, she's laughing. And she's (laughs) like, I don't know, she. said something to him. But that was her when her. mama was 17 years old. And this was her dad. He was an engineer at WWUP TV station in Cadillac, Michigan. And that was around 1965. That was the year I. graduated from high school. Whoa, what a year? It was so fun. All right. So here's her recipe and you're right, Penny, your mother had a beautiful handwriting. She had had a stroke, but she still, still had. a beautiful handwriting. Okay. So Kenny typed this up and this is what we're. going to have, ya'll. The cookie ingredients. are a half a cup of oleo. Well, for that we're. using butter flavored, solid shortening. And that's gonna go in our bowl. Good, I'm going to use that. as a spoon rest, right there. One and a third cup of brown sugar and in it goes. She said cream the oleo, brown sugar, and egg in a large mixing bowl. My hands are really not quite big enough to break it with one hand. And while we're creaming that, she said, in a large mixing bowl, add all the dry ingredients together and let's see, add all dry ingredients. And she said, then mixing only half of the sifted, dry ingredients. Chopped nuts, chopped apples, and raisins to the cream mixture. So she said that we need to. see if the two cups of flour and a teaspoon of soda and a half teaspoon of salt, so. I'm gonna put this in the sifter and this is all purpose. flour that we're using. And we know that because. the recipe calls for soda and salt. So if it was self rising, it. wouldn't call for anything. All right. So here we go, with the salt, the baking soda, the cinnamon, the nutmeg, and that's fresh ground nutmeg. Any time you have an opportunity, I know it might be a. little bit of a pain to, to grate those little balls,. those little nutmeg balls, but by all means do it because. it makes such a difference. So we're gonna sift this. I think I could have gotten. a bigger bowl, couldn't I? (laughs) But why? Okay, it's almost all done. This is kind of reminding. me of an apple cake that I make my Aunt Beth Hires shared, Share a recipe with me for a - [Eddie] Your grand girls? - Grand girls. Apple pie from Georgia. (laughs) So we have got all of our dry ingredients, we have our raisins, we have our pecans and we have milk. So we're going to cream,. these ingredients. Okay. Hitting the green button. This when it flies like the wind, Eddie. All right. We're told, ya'll, to add half the flour mixture. Okay, now we have a fourth of a cup of just regular milk that I'm gonna pour in. Oh that's still so high. Now we're gonna add the other. half of our flour mixture. It didn't break! Sure. sounded like it, didn't it? Alright, and I think before I add the other things, I'm gonna just mix in that last part of the flour. So this is really, an easy recipe to make, Penny. And I so appreciate. you sharing it with us, because right now, you know, we're all thinking about Halloween and we're thinking about apples and gourds and pumpkins. Okay, now I think I'm just gonna stir in the nuts, raisins. And I just adore raisins. in my carrot cake, my cook, my oatmeal cookies. I just love the sweetness. And this only calls for one cup of chopped apples. I'm kinda surprised. I almost thought it would. call for more than that. Ooh, it smells so good. I've started trying to trying, trying, trying to eat an apple a day. Sometimes I can succeed and sometimes I can't - [Theresa] This way you're. gonna get to [Inaudible] - [Paula] Yes, that's exactly right. Okay. Looks delicious. Ms. Mildred didn't, that's her mother, that's Penny's mother, she didn't skimp on the nuts or the raisins. So that's good. Now we're gonna drop this. by the teaspoon full. And I have prepared my pan with actually some parchment paper and a silpat. I just really don't like it. when my cookie sticks, so, so I'm just gonna make sure they don't stick. And Penny says, drop about a teaspoon on a greased baking sheet,. so we're safe there. Now I'm going to, spray my little scooper duper and then we'll drop it by. mounded teaspoons full. I forgot to tell y'all. that on Penny's, mother's apple cookies, a glaze goes. on 'em while they're hot, straight out of the. oven. So I've got a cup and a half a confectioners sugar and calls for two cups of light cream, which I'm assuming would be half and half. - [Theresa] You mean two tablespoons? - [Paula] Two tablespoons,. why did I say teaspoons? - [Theresa] I think you said two cups. (laughs) - [Theresa] But, I may have heard wrong. - Listen, there ain't no telling. There ain't no telling, Theresa. So I'm using two and a half. tablespoons of heavy cream And it calls for a fourth of a teaspoon of vanilla flavoring. That looks like a fourth. of a teaspoon right there. And a tablespoon. (objects crash over) Whoa, softened butter. And look at that. That's just. like a perfect tablespoon. Okay. And, the powdered sugar has been, has been sifted, so it won't be lumpy. You know what, I think we're gonna need a little bit more cream. Although, when this hits a hot cookie, it's gonna spread. Right now, it's hard.. All right, just a little. This may be a little thick because we're using heavy cream. instead of the light cream. So that could be the reason for the extra thickness ya'll. Like I said, as soon as. it hits that hot cookie, it's probably gonna spread - [Eddie] Yeah that's good,. that's the way I like it. - [Paula] like the flu. - [Eddie] Cinnamon rolls,. with that kind of icing on it. - [Paula] Yes, I'm afraid that for our pallettes, we're. not gonna have enough of the custard. You know, then I'm gonna have to come back and cream some out of this. Cause that's what makes it so good. Oooo! Eddie, ow, ow, ow. Ow! How do those look to ya? - [Eddie] They smell wonderful. - [Paula] They look pretty daggone good. Pretty daggone good. All right now, I just told Eddie that I was gonna have to try to resist. putting too much icing on each one of 'em. - [Theresa] Icing can always. be made. More can be made. - [Paula] Oh and listen,. don't you think I am above making some more icing, honey. All right, I'm just gonna put a little bit and see what that does to it. See if it does what I think it's gonna do. Mmm, I would like a little. bit of cookie with my cream. (laughs) It's not melting as fast. as I thought it would. All right. Which one. you want, Theresa, girl? - [Theresa] This one. - I know you wanted that one. - [Theresa] So glad you. asked first, before you take. - [Paula] Well I'm gonna take this one. (Paula laughs) - [Theresa] Oh, well you cheated! - [Paula] You spoke too soon. (Theresa and Paula laugh) - [Theresa] Eddie almost did it. - Uh huh. Eddie's watching.. I'm gonna take that off, I was just being funny. - [Theresa] Oh, you should leave it. - [Paula] I was just being funny. - [Theresa] These are... So good. - Tastes like apple cake, ya'll. - Oh my, that's exactly. what it tastes like, a small, moist, oh my gosh. Gotta go. Be sitting here (Paula laughs) - [Paula] Time to go. - Theresa said it's time. to go, so bye ya'll. (Paula laughs) - [Paula] Mmm - [Theresa] Oh my gosh.