- Okey dokey y'all, another air fryer recipe. And in this heat out there, heat index of 110, 115, I don't mind one bit. turning on my air fryer. So I'm gonna share with y'all, a wonderful little, if you. want just a little bite for dessert after dinner, this is definitely an easy, easy recipe. And in the Air Fryer book, which you can find this in bookstores. - [Woman] And online - And online. We have a hard time. keeping it in print though, because it's been very,. very much sought after. But the recipe in here. is for fried peach pies, but I also love apple. Apple and pear. So, I am using just a plain. old apple pie filling y'all that you get in the can. And you wanna put like a good heaping tablespoon in there. I think I'm gon' make. these for the triplets. They should be coming over tomorrow. Shouldn't they Eddie? - [Eddie] Yes they are. - So I think I'll make some. of these for them tomorrow. Those babies... - [Eddie] What are you using pie? I mean, - Oh, Oh yes. - [Eddie] Puff pastry.... - Thank you. Thank you for reminding me. I am using, no I'm using. Crescent Roll Dough. You know that you buy in the can. I'm kinda just trying to form, spread that out a little bit and you wanna start at the fatty end, and roll. And it's gon' be gooshy. It's gonna be gooshy. So, if we wanted to, so we wouldn't lose any of that filling, we could just take our fork, dip it in flour and just crimp those edges. It's really hard from here (chuckling) not to not to (chuckling) overfill. Alright, I'm gon' to try to crimp these, so they're not as pretty though that way. Okay there we go. Okay Roll roll roll squirt out squirt out (chuckles) Alright I'm not, I don't think I could crimp that end. It might be a bad end a little bit, just crimp it with my fingers. Yeah. Okay, 'cause I'm not worrying. about these being beautiful, but I am worrying about them being tasty. Okay. I make these a lot using. puff pastry, to y'all you better stay in there you little devil. (chuckles) Okay. Last one. Roll roll roll Crimp crimp (chuckling) Crimp Crimp Alright. Now I've got me an egg and. I'm just gonna brush that with an egg so they'll be shining. I'ma have a pretty, pretty color to 'em. I could say these are not the prettiest things in the world but they're really tasty and you know what, even your children or your grandchildren can come in and help grandma with these. And they're always so. proud of what they make. You know, if they don't do. anything but beat up the egg. Okay. 400, five minutes on one side, turn five minutes on the other side. Eddie's weak today (Eddie chuckles). he ain't strong enough. There you go Edwin. If you'll put it on, - [Woman] Will you start it - five minutes while I'm. washing the goop off my hands. Please. (water gushing) 10 minutes on tow, five and five. Five flip, five more. Okay y'all, 10 minutes. Alright. We decided that rather than turning. these over and disturbing 'em, it probably be better to. just keep 'em stationary for the whole 10 minutes of cooking. But before you put it in, just take your spray and. spray the bottom of it and that'll help that bottom crisp up. So, the icing that I'm gonna put on it is just like a store-bought icing. And will you just put it in. the microwave, for a minute and then just drizzle it on to your apple pies. If I was doing that for. me, I would just coat it. (chuckling) I would use a lot more y'all. Alright. Eddie I think the. triplets would love these. - [Eddie] Oh yeah. - I think they are beautiful. Beautiful. Think you can get a. little bit more on there. (both chuckle) Like you know, when you. buy those cinnamon rolls , you know, from the airport, you know, I always order an extra little cup of the icing (laughs) you know you can buy another whole thing of icing for like a quarter. Listen, now I spend that quarter. (laughs) Alright, so that's it. A wonderful little easy dessert. You can make these up ahead of time, put 'em in the refrigerator, let 'em sit. And while you're having your dinner, these can be cooking in the air fryer and then they'll be. ready for you to enjoy. It is so good. Love and best dishes y'all.