- Hey all it's Jamie Dean. here at my momma's house, and I've got some awesome. recipes for you today. My son Jack is here. He's had a half day at. school and it is fall season. So we're doing fall recipes today. It's also football season. and it's football season and it's football season. and it's football season. - [Teresa] And baseball. - Yeah and baseball, Braves captured the national league division championship. We're going to, divisional. championship a few days ago. So fall means a lot of things. And pumpkin is one of those. things that people love. So today we're doing pumpkin bars. This is a super easy recipe. It reminds me of so many things that I've cooked at mom's house and in our restaurant. We love dessert bars. So since it is that time of. year, we're going to do pumpkin. And this is a really easy recipe. And should I tell them. Teresa, the measurements, or are you going to. put a graphic up later? - [Teresa] They like the. measurements Jamie, so. - Okay, well I'm going. to have to read them. It's four eggs, all right. We have one and two third. cups of granulated sugar. We have one cup of vegetable oil and a 15 ounce can of pumpkin mix. So then we're going to mix. all these things together. I'll start with the sugar, get our oil in there. Let me see, said the blind man, pumpkin. On this house is decorated. this year on the inside, there's a giant spider. hanging over Jack's head. - [Teresa] I'm going to show. them that for just a second. - [Jamie] I love the. out of style decoration. All right, our pumpkin. So let's go four eggs. This little can here is. convenient, if y'all, I love to keep a little. garbage bowl on the counter, so I don't have to make a. million trips to the trashcan and this empty can is perfect. Rinse my hands real quick. We're going to mix this on low. We don't want to create a huge mess, so let's get it started on a low speed. We're going to make. this until it kinda gets everything incorporated. (high pitched sound) Beautiful. I mean, that is a fall deserve. We got working right here. Okay, now our dry ingredients y'all, are two cups of flour that we have sifted, two tablespoons of baking powder, two teaspoons of cinnamon, one teaspoon of salt. And we have two teaspoons of baking soda. Now for this, I'm just going to mix. it with regular spoon to get all this incorporated together. And then we're going to slowly. add our dry into our wet. We're going to do that at a low speed too. We want to get it. You don't want any flour clumps. So let's turn our beaters on low. It's a pretty high low. I'm going to go a little bit at a time. Okay, y'all you see I've got. it going pretty good in there. Take some care right. here around the edges. Get your rubber spatula. and make sure you get all that dry stuff down there. So I'm going to clean the edge of my bowl, making sure there's, y'all know when you got the hand mixer, sometimes there's a part of the bowl that you just some reason don't get to. So I'm going to get all that together. - [Teresa] That looks fabulous. - [Jamie] Yup, It's really pretty. Give it a couple more turns. And that's it. And y'all know when you see me here, you can count on simple,. delicious recipes. Cause Lord knows I got a wife. and three kids and two dogs and 14 jobs and there's never. enough time do anything. I had to tell Teresa,. when I got here today, I can only do half the work. she wants me to do because number one needs some things, number two need some things, number three needs some things. And the mama number one one, real one needs some things. So we've got an eight. by 10 container here. - [Teresa] That's a number 13 my friend. - [Jamie] Number 13. That's what I said. Roll back the tape. I'm going to get this down in here. Look how pretty this is. Y'all this time of year, we've had the lady in signs. for over 30 years now. And this time of year, we made more pumpkin. book gooey butter cakes than you could ever imagine. So that's a regular. gooey butter cake recipe, but you put a can of pumpkin in the top. And I used a spice cake mix for the base and it is really good. So that's a bonus recipe for you today. - [Teresa] Hey why don't we. have the spice cake next. That's a nice little, that is famous. - A spice cake mix on the bottom and a can of pumpkin in your top will give you a pumpkin gooey butter cake, which is this time of the year, it is really a super. fantastic popular dessert. Okay y'all this is it. It is almost time to enjoy. some fresh pumpkin bars. This is going into the oven. at 350 degrees for 30 minutes. So when you get back, I'll have dessert. Okay y'all our pumpkin bars. have come out of the oven. You gonna want to completely cool this because this icing that. we're going to put on there, it's going to be a little. thick and if it gets hot, it's going to melt and. it's going to be a mess. So as you could see, some of you with a keen eye might notice, how, why is the light different today? And how did he shave? I went to all the trouble. to wear this shirt that I was wearing yesterday, when I started this recipe, I'm so busy, to finish it today. And then I spoiled the illusion by telling you this is two different days. It's the magic of TV y'all, Magic of TV stands for. baloney most of the time. So this is the second day. This is completely cold. Oh, I just messed it up too, because I touched with my. hands, but that's all right. So the, the, the, the icing. for this is really simple, super healthy and good for you too. One entire package of cream cheese, one stick of butter. Are y'all with me? And we're going to cream this together. As soon as I plug in this,. we're going to do this. Stay with me, here we go. Okay, so we're going to cream. together, our cream cheese, and our stick of butter. This is softened butter. Watch your fingers when you're doing this. Remember I'm a professional. Then we're going to slowly. add our powdered sugar. And to this, we're going to add one. teaspoon of vanilla extract. Voila. As you could imagine, this icing is delicious. I'm telling y'all, do not put this on your. pumpkin bars while it's hot. It will be the biggest mess in the world. The great thing about these bars is it is a fall season recipe. So you can start enjoying these, as early as you want to. call it fall and as late as, Well, who cares have him at Christmas. This would be a really nice dessert to have at your Thanksgiving this year. Who doesn't love pumpkin bars. And you gotta be careful,. you see what I'm doing. If you push down too hard. and pull it too hard, you'll pull the top off of. your cake and I don't want that Push and pull. If you, if you're not careful and you start moving this around, you can pull the whole. top layer of your bars off because it is a delicate top. Push and pull and push and. pull and push and pull. I see you, I see you, I see you. - [Teresa] I think it's the amount of. - [Jamie] Oh I see you. - [Teresa] The icing on the bottom. - [Jamie] You know the. great thing about my mom It has always been this way, for the most part of television show, but I think perfect. But sometimes, you'll see that even the people that. - [Teresa] Do it all the time. - [Jamie] Run into the same. challenges that you all will. I wonder if it, maybe I. should have put a little. A little spray or something on my special so that the cream cheese wouldn't stick. But you know what, as I love to say, the dog will never complain. So you just have fun cooking and if your doesn't turn out, give it to your dog. - [Teresa] Oh, this is going to turn out, I can already tell. - [Jamie] Yeah. - [Teresa] I'm not real worried about the. - [Jamie] I'ma leave it be. What I should've done, was used a little bit smaller spreader. I was a little, got a little overboard with that spreader. My mom would have stood. here with a butter knife and done it all slowly. Instead, I dumped the whole thing on top, right at the beginning. So let's give it a test. drive what do y'all say, we'll start down here on the ugly end. Say, what are we going to do here? I think we'll do like, like a brownie size. I do love a corner. Let's see what kind of little. tool momma got over here. This looks good. Whatever this thing is. - [Teresa] Ooh, look how moist that is. - [Jamie] What y'all think, looks pretty dadgum good. So, y'all get going, cause Thanksgiving is coming. I hope you enjoy this. I hope you enjoyed the video. Thanks y'all, I'll see. you around the kitchen.