- Okay, y'all, for this next recipe that I'm gonna share with you is one that my Aunt Glennis, shared with me. She was married to my uncle Bernie, my daddy's oldest brother. And every Thanksgiving until I went into the restaurant business, every Thanksgiving we spent. over there in Statesboro the whole Hiers clan, and. that went on for 25 years. And we have got so many good memories of our times over there. And Aunt Glennis always had. what she called chewies. And as soon as you walked in the door, the first place you'd. go is to the sideboard where all her desserts. were and grab you a chewy. (laughs) So that's what I'm. gonna share with y'all today. I made some the other day. Jamie was saying, "Wish I had one of Aunt. Glennis's chewies." I said, "Well, son, I got the recipe. "I'll make them for ya." And so I made them, (laughs) and after he ate one, he said, "Mama, I so appreciate you doing that. "They weren't as good as Aunt Glennis's." I said, "Well, you know. memories are always better "than actuality." (laughs) So now the first thing we're gonna do is we are gonna beat our eggs and our butter together. And that's one stick of butter But I agreed with Jamie. I thought Aunt Glennis's. was better than mine also. So there we go with our three eggs. And we just gonna beat that up until it's incorporated real good. And then we're gonna add our. two cups of self-rising flour. Now that's self-rising, so don't get confused. The flour that I'm putting in here, it already contains. baking powder and salt. If you're using plain flour, you would have to add. either some baking soda or baking powder, but we. don't have to with this one. (beater trills) Now our sweetener is gonna. come from our brown sugar, We're gonna use the whole. box of light brown sugar. And I wouldn't hesitate,. if you have dark brown, I wouldn't hesitate to use that. In fact, you don't have. any kind of sugars at all, dark sugars, you can make your own light brown or dark brown. sugar just adding some molasses to some regular white sugar. So you got your brown sugar just in case you don't. have any in your pantry. All right, now we're. slowly gonna add our flour. And remember, that's two. cups of self-rising flour. Okay, so I'm gonna add a. tablespoon of vanilla,. And now, you know I love nuts. I love nuts in anything. that I eat that's sweet. So the recipe calls for like, what is it, two cups and nuts, Teresa. - [Teresa] Yes, ma'am. - So I'm definitely gonna. put the two cups nuts. Whoa, that's a nutty stuff. All right, now, Aunt Glennis,. she used a small package of semi-sweet chocolates,. and I'm sure it was maybe just a six ounce bag. that she put in there. And this is 10 ounce. I don't even know if they. make that small bag anymore. So I'm just gonna use like half a bag. Even when I make my chunk chocolate chip (indistinct) cookies, I don't use a whole bunch. of chocolate chips in them, because my favorite part in. those cookies is the nuts. And I'm using the little. miniature chocolate chips. So, it's strictly a preference. Like I said, that's not. my favorite ingredient in these chewies. So I'm just using less. And it also calls for 3/4. of a cup of grated coconut, if you like coconut. Well, I normally don't do. it, because I think it's Kari out of the children in the. family that doesn't like coconut. But today I'm gonna put some coconut in it just for giggles. It's gonna kind of taste like a candy bar with almonds in it, I mean, with coconut in it. Y'all know what I'm talking now. Okay, so we're gonna bake. this off in a 13 by 9 by 2. And we have got our oven. preheated at 375 degrees. And we're going to bake. it for about, let's see. I can't remember exactly. how long, 25 to 30 minutes. (oil spritzes) That was some runaway coconut. All right, so I'm gonna. scoop it up this way, because that bowl is so heavy to pick up. Aunt Jessie and Uncle Bernie, they've been gone now for a good while, but I thank them so much for all the wonderful memories. We'd go over there. Uncle Bernie had a pond. I know one year there. were so many of us coming, he had to rent like, oh, darn, I can't remember. what you call them now, like those travel trailers. - An RV?. - Yeah, something like that. He had to rent a couple. of them to hold us all. Oh, and did we ever have fun. Lord have mercy. My cousin, Don, Don Hiers, it was a crazy time in Don's life. So he was actually able to come just maybe two or three times. over those 25 years. And I wish he had been there, 'cause he's got such a good memory. And he could remind me (laughs) of how much fun I had. (laughs) We'd play poker, go outside and play games. And Uncle Bernie would cook a whole hog. He'd build a hole in the ground. He'd cook a whole pig. And he arranged for us to have horses. A friend had horses. So he got them to bring horses. So there was just, ugh, so much to do. But the most that we ever did. there was play poker. (laughs) And the family looked so forward to those little friendly games of poker. And I think we played for a. nickel, dime, and a quarter. And it's amazing how quickly. that can add up. (laughs) All right, in the oven,. 25 to 30 minutes on 375. (timer rings) Perfect, they're ready. (laughs) You know what? I'm gonna take some of these to Jamie and see what he says about this round, because the ones that I took him, I didn't put coconut in them. Like I said, so many folks. are just funny about coconut, but it's really, really good in there if you like chocolate and coconut kind of chewy gooey thing. But my favorite is the end and the corner pieces that are real chewy like this piece. Brings back so many memories. Mm. If you hadn't made these, and this recipe has been around so long, and I'm sure at this point,. everybody's made them before, but in case you haven't... I hear Mikey coming home. One more thing to tempt him. with on his keto diet. (laughs) So if you've never made them,. make sure you do try it, because they're delicious. (laughs) He just stuck his tongue out at me coming through that glass door. Hey, monkey. Would you like a chewy? (Paula laughs) - [Mike] Can I smell one? - Isn't that mean? Yes, you can smell them. - Yuck. (laughs) Love and best dishes, y'all. Now only a devil would. do that to somebody. Well, they say I was born. full of devil anyway. So there you go. (laughs)