- We're working down those 12 days of Christmas cookies, y'all. And a viewer sent me a recipe. Her name is Heather Malcus She doesn't tell me where. she's from or anything but she has sent me a. thumbprint cookie to share with everybody. And I'm so excited about this because I hadn't made a thumbprint cookie I think since my boys were little. And Teresa is still on her cruise. So you won't hear her barking at us in background. saying lets get it now. (laughing) look at this we've got. precious little Casey. Casey, how long have you. been part of this family? - I started in 2005, so 18. - Oh my goodness. And she doesn't look but 19 years old. So you're probably thinking, Well you hired her while she. was still in diapers. Paula, (laughing) - She was young. She was young. You were straight outta. high school, weren't you? - Yeah, - I remember. So Casey has stepped. in to help pull all the ingredients together for us. So one of your jobs is. to talk to me too, Casey. Okay. Keep me straight, if you see me doing something wrong. Okay. Say whoa, Paula, stop right there. So , the thumbprint cookie we're gonna make the cookie base first, and then after our cookies come outta. the oven and, and Cool. Then we are gonna make the. thumbprint filling to it which is gonna be so good. Heather, it sounds like you. have made this cookie so simple which I know that's what I appreciate. And everybody out there there are no instructions. for putting this together. So we just going to do it. I'm gonna cream our butter and our sugar first, and then we have our flour we have our cocoa. powder, we have our salt. I'm gonna go ahead and add the salt to the cocoa powder right now because I'm wanna stir those. two ingredients together. So like I said, it's been years. Okay, so we got that mixed up. Now I'm gonna just add these two things together. Ouch. That's not much bigger. See what I say about underestimating, You know I got so many bowls this size. - Yeah. - I need to invest in this size - A few more without size - Huh? - Yeah - I, I mean, I can check. We may have some, - I've Got, Oh yeah, we may have some in the garage. - You, you sent a lot of. stuff out into that garage. - I know. Our garage looks like from all the years of shows and magazine shoots, there was so many dishes. It was unbelievable. All right, so I'm gonna just add this to our cream next year. And we got a little milk to go in it. (whisking) I'm gonna add a little milk. And help me get that mixed up. - Is this a sandwich type of cookie? - No. Uhuh. When we, we gonna roll them in sugar we gonna roll them first. in balls, then in sugar. and then we're gonna take our thumb and make our thumbprint. the center of the cookie and then that'll hold the filling part. - Oh, okay. Some people make them with. like a dollar of preserves you know, strawberry jam. or something like that. It's gonna be a stiff though. But (laughter) Heather's a girl after my old heart. This whole cookie recipe y'all has one pound of butter in it. Two sticks in the cookies,. and two sticks in the filling. I like Heather. Okay, the last of the milk is in there. And now I'm gonna add. the vanilla flavoring and I'm gonna add just a little. bit more because a teaspoon. Mm. (laughing) Can somebody open it? I'll hold it while you try to unscrew it. Eddie. Thank you. Oops. Maybe a table's spoon. - It'll balance some at the butter. - Yes. (laughing) This is some real thick batter. Heather has instructed us to roll dough into one inch balls. That's about a inch, isn't it? Or is that too much? Okay, I'll take a little ouch, y'all. Then we gonna roll it with sugar. See that? That's gonna be our thumbprint cookie. Casey called it to my attention, y'all I gave y'all bad directions. the first time around. We were supposed to roll these. in balls, roll 'them in sugar put 'them in the oven, and as they come out the oven. while they're still warm that's the point where. we make the indention. And I was thinking that we were supposed to. make the indention first. I told y'all it's been. years since I made them. So they're going in the oven at three 50 from 10 to 12 minutes. And when they come out we'll need to make that. indention pretty quickly before they start getting hard. And while they're baking,. I'm gonna go ahead and make our filling of that marshmallow cream filling that's gonna go in those holes. But we don't wanna fill them. until they're completely cool. All right. While our cookies are baking I'm gonna make the filling. and it's one seven ounce jar of marshmallow fluff right here. Two sticks of soften clutter half a teaspoon of vanilla right there. but I have decided I am gonna add almond extract to it. One to two tablespoons of milk, two and a fourth cup of powdered sugar and food coloring in case. you want to dye your filling. And since we do it for Christmas,. that might be kind of fun. You know what I love? I love marshmallow fluff. on top about ice cream. So good. If there is another way to. think, make things more fattening I might be you girl. - That's what we grew up with fluff and peanut butter sandwiches. - Really, fluff. And I bet it was delicious. - Fluff And nut. - Fluff and nutters. - Yeah, that's the thing. (laughter) I love that. I love that. I might have to just make me one one night when I'm on my way to bed. Just a little hungry. Make me a fluff and nutter, what you call it? - Yeah - Fluff and nutter. - You wanna fold that in? Paula? - Okie doke. Thank you. Thank you for keeping me straight Casey Was I supposed to put. the sugar in before I because I have no. instructions on my paper. - Yes - I was supposed to add the sugar first - Cream butter and sugar together - And then fold in the fluff. - Okay. - Now it looks like it. Little hair in the recipe, but yeah. And then fold in the marshmallow - Green. Okay. Are we gonna be doing it? Yes. 10 different this time, since we use the paddles it's not like it will beat it to death. And I'll make sure I do it on low teaspoon of almond. Cause almond is so good with chocolate - I can smell that. chocolate cooking right now. - Yeah. - Perfect - They look like crinkles. That's pretty the way they crack because we put the sugar on them. The sugar is what makes. 'them have that cracked look. So now these have to cool completely. So what I'm gonna do Casey I'm gonna pull that off like that Get 'them off the hot thing so they'll cool quicker. Don't, that's hot now. - Oh - Oh that's man overboard. Man overboard. Man overboard Maybe we need to eat that one. Eddie. Heather, thank you so much for sending us this recipe. It just really takes me back to when my boys were little boys and I think it's gonna be delicious. And it is It taste just like your. Grammy's inside out cake. - Yeah, the chocolate, chocolate cake. Yeah. The dough part tastes like fudge and the filling tastes like marshmallows, fluff. with almond and it, Ooh a big old half can would be so good. And thank you so much, Heather. Loving best dishes and Merry Christmas.