- Hey, y'all come on into the kitchen. Michael has just walked in,. he just got him from work, and he's here for a few minutes. He done been to the grocery store. - Hey, y'all. - We just went last night. We got a great big, old. buggy full of stuff. Where's mine? Oh, there it is. I'm just checking. Michael, I am fixing to make a. recipe that a friend sent in. She's is from, where is she from? Did she tell me where she was from? She doesn't tell me, but her name is Laurie Duffy, and she has sent us a recipe that she knows is 45 years old now. And, the lady that gave. her the recipe called it cinnamon donuts, because. that's what they kind of, taste like, but they're actually. cooked in muffin tins. And, she says, "Dear Paula. I want to start out by saying how much your videos have meant to me during this whole pandemic time. My family has all gotten. used to hearing your voice, and Eddie and Teresa's when. they come down the stairs. I've gotten so much joy out of watching." And, I thank you so much, Laurie, because that was my intention. To be there, to keep company, to some of those folks out there. that was quarantined alone, and so thank you for sharing. those kinds of words with me. So, this was shared many,. many, many, many years ago, and it was sort of, it was at sort of, a church gathering, which, you know, there's some fine food at. those church church meals on the ground, those picnics, those women to the church house, they know they know how to cook. And so, here we go. It's one 1/2 cups of all-purpose flour. I'm just going to put it right in there. And, it calls for a. 1/2 a teaspoon of salt, one 1/2 teaspoons of baking powder. Powder, not soda, but powder. 1/4 teaspoon of nutmeg. And, we're gonna just take our whisk and whisk that all together. until it's incorporated. And, our next step is to take. 1/3 cup of solid shortening, and we're gonna cut that. in to our flour mixture. And, I looked in my drawer and I can't find my pastry cutter, so I'm just going to try. to do it with this fork. I might have to invite. a knife to come in too on this action. So, we're starting off. like we're making biscuits. So, this will take just a few minutes. If you can find Joe pastry cutter, you might be able to do it. quicker than what I'm doing, but it won't take me just a few minutes, Think I'm gonna go. ahead and add our sugar, cut that along with the dry ingredients. And, that was 1/2 cup of sugar, y'all. Just in time for you to cook supper. So, we just gonna stir in our milk, and I really got that shortening. cut in there real good using that fork. So, we just want to mix this. until it's moist, you know, muffins the recipes will tell. you not to over mix a muffin. You want to just mix them. until there's no moisture. Right, now this is supposed. to make a dozen, right? How many is it supposed to make, Laurie? It's supposed to make one dozen, so apparently she doesn't. overfill the muffin tins. So, let's see if we can get. it separated into those cups, and get it right the first time. So, I'll start by doing that, and then we'll turn around and come back, and add more if there's any left to add. This batter is nice and thick, so it's pretty easy to scoop up. It's not dripping everywhere, I like that. - [Michael] I love the pictures. - Oh, do you like them? Which is your favorite? - [Michael] Well, I love. that one that Holly sent in. - With who? - [Michael] Holly. - Oh, I'm telling you. that deep (inaudible). - [Teresa] Maybe we could show it? - Yes. I don't see why we couldn't. We are having y'all- - [Eddie] I think it's more, I'm the boss. - [Teresa] Yeah, she's the boss for sure. - You got to get one. in here when you fish. - Oh, it's over there. You didn't see it. Oh, no. The one of Henry, he's. playing his saxophone. I wanted that one. - [Michael] And can you hear it? It doesn't do it justice. until you hear it. - Oh, it so terrible. He's having trouble playing. his little saxophone. So, did y'all show everybody the picture? Eddie has found this place. to order pictures from, and y'all, it's so reasonable. I mean, those pictures would. cost me thousands of dollars and I mean, what do. they run a piece, Eddie? - [Eddie] Well, you know, I. catch it at different times. I don't know the exact price because I always catch. it with a sale code. - Yes, with the sales code. Bye, Mikey. - [Michael] Bye. - I'll have you a donut waiting. - [Michael] Tell my fans. I have to go to work, I have another job. - Okay, Michael for me to tell. his fans he has another job. - I have another job, other than acting. - [Eddie] See you on the road. - He is so goofy. - [Teresa] Thank goodness. he has another job. - Yes, thank goodness he has another job, 'cause we might go hungry. if his only job was acting, you think Teresa? But so anyway, this place,. we've got one huge wall, like, in a hallway, y'all. at our remodeled home that we're moving in in. the next couple of weeks, and it's just a grandkids wall. So, I've got two or three pictures of each of our grandchildren, and that's all it's going. to be is just one wall full of children's. And, I can't hardly wait. We got some cute pictures. Okay. In the oven. Can't remember what Laurie said. - [Teresa] 350 for 20 minutes. - She said delicious served. with coffee or cold milk. - [Eddie] Do you know if those, I'm curious to see if they. turn out those sugar biscuits that we had up in Albany,. from those two girls that- - Oh yeah, it's going to. be much like that Eddie, because when they're done,. we're going to pull them out, dip them into melted butter, and then roll them in cinnamon sugar. So, it might be much like. the sisters in Albany. - [Eddie] Sugar biscuits. - Sugar biscuits. Let's see, bake about 20 minutes, 350. Okay, our muffins are ready. And, Laurie tells us. that they will be pale. So, they are pale, and looking so good. All right, I've got to turn my oven off. So, now we are to, let me see if she says to. let them cool for a second. While still warm roll muffins. into the melted butter and then into the cinnamon sugar. So, I've got a teaspoon of cinnamon, and 3/4 of a cup of sugar, one 1/2 teaspoons of cinnamon, and one stick of melted butter. So, we just want to mix that up real good. That's going to be nice and cinnamony, easy for me to say. Okay. Now, this is the part I like. Dunking them in the butter. Oops. Oh, I sure do hate that happened. A double dip. And then, we just roll. it in the cinnamon sugar. Looks very, very good. I just want to taste one. while their warm, you know? Okay. Yum. - [Teresa] Oh my gosh. I know I say it every time, but like, - But like, what? - [Teresa] I said, I know I. say oh my gosh every time. - I know, me too. - [Teresa] We have such good people with such great recipes. - I know it, and I just love it. I love it when the women share. - [Eddie] You must have. to eat them pretty, while they're hot though. or else the butter will... - It will just soak in. - [Teresa] I have to tell. you shortening just makes it. - Uh huh, it does. - [Teresa] I find that. anything you've done with shortening- - Shortening, yes. That's right. Oh, I hate Michael had to go back to work, but he's on a diet anyways, so. - [Teresa] (inaudible) being good. We don't like those kinds of people. - Okay, I got to have another bite. So good. - [Teresa] You're right.. You could eat this like, this could be breakfast,. this could be a dessert. - Wonderful breakfast. With ice cream, or whipped cream. - [Teresa] I know you said. you'd have to eat them warm, and I kind of agree with. you Eddie on that one, but I guess you could put. them also in little baggies and freeze them? - Oh yes. - [Teresa] And maybe not do your sugar, butter, and sugar until... - You have to do it while they're hot. You have to dip it while they're hot. So, that means you'd have. to put them back in the oven to heat them up. - [Eddie] Well, the recipe. only makes a dozen, right? - Yeah. - [Eddie] So, you can. eat a dozen any time. - Yeah, that's right. - So, y'all have to try. Laurie's recipe for, what do they call them?. What kind of donuts? - [Teresa] She calls them. cinnamon sugar, cinnamon donuts. - Cinnamon donuts. Okay, I got one more to do, and it just did make it with. the cinnamon sugar, y'all. Come on out of there. Maybe I should run this more. in a little more butter, since there's- - [Teresa] I'm surprised. you didn't double dip. - Well, the very first one I. did, but it fell back in there. - [Teresa] No, I meant. the one you were eating. I'm surprised you didn't double dip. - Well, I didn't think about it Teresa, but now you've said something. Look here, that's mine. - [Teresa] You know, I. support you, I support you. - That is so good, y'all. Double dipped. Wow. Come over here and double dip, Teresa. - [Teresa] I already ate mine. - It's so good, y'all. Laurie, thank you so much, honey. And, I'm sure there's going. to be a lot of folks out there enjoying this wonderful,. easy, delicious recipe. Thanks for sharing. Love and best dishes, y'all.