- Y'all know what. I'm talking to y'all two. - Um hm - Can y'all believe that. we got all three fireplaces running in this house in October? - No, that's a unusual. It's so unusual - We're still usually in hurricane season. - I know. (laughing) Oh, it feels so good. Wish y'all were in here. in the kitchen with me. All right then, I'm gonna just keep on doing pies. Seems like I'm doing a lot of pies lately. But you know, Thanksgiving. is really upon us. So, this is a wonderful recipe to prepare for your Thanksgiving meal, or your Christmas meal as. far as that's concerned. It's very, very easy. I've got my pumpkin puree that I'm gone be adding to our bowl. Three eggs, I think, was that a half a cup or one cup of, of brown sugar? One cup. And then sour cream. A pinch of cloves, a pinch of nutmeg, vanilla, dark rum. - There's your pre. - And don't worry about Oh look Lisa's already got our pie shell baked. cinnamon, ginger, and melted butter. Now we're just gone beat this. all together in this bowl and we're gonna pour. it into our pie crust, and we're gonna start off the oven at 375. And then we're gonna lower it 300 (spatula tapping) until the middle of your pie is set. (spatula tapping) (can scraping) (spatula tapping) This is a pretty color. All right, I'm gonna add my eggs first and beat them up with our puree. (mixture whining) Just wanna make sure. they are beaten up good. (mixer whining) (mixer whining continues) All right, now I'm gonna. add our cup of brown sugar. (mixer whining) This is gonna be a fat pie. It's gone be big. (mixer whining) (mixer whining continues) All right, now I'm gonna add our sour cream. (bowl scraping) (spatula tapping) - It's gonna make it creamy. Let's see, I think it was two, a cup and a one and a half teaspoons, yes, of ground ginger, ground cinnamon, and a pinch of nutmeg. That's probably a pinch. You know, I've got those. little measuring spoons that call for a pinch or a dash And this is the ground clove, and it's just a pinch of that too. Ooh, those got big holes. It came out quick. And then we have our vanilla, our dark rum. And don't be worried. about children having this because the alcohol does cook out. So that's not an issue for your little children. They won't get tipsy,. I promise. (laughing) And then our cup and a half of heavy cream, and that's it. Very, very creamy. And I would make sure, if you decide to make this pie definitely do a deep dish crust on it. All right, so here we go. That is such a pretty color. Whoa. You know what, Teresa? I'm gonna have to get some tart shells, so we can finish using up the filling. (butter sizzling) Okay, now for the good, really good part. It's all good. But this is really, really good. I melted about fourth of. a cup butter in my skillet and I'm gonna add my brown sugar. And this is for the topping of the pumpkin rum pie. And it just sounds like. perfect, for Thanksgiving. - Or Christmas. But I don't know. I tend to think more along the lines of Thanksgiving when I'm. talking about pumpkins. I've already moved on to pine cones and stuff like that by the. time Christmas gets here. All right, so now I'm gonna add my pecans and I'm gone. toss those in the pot. So we've got our brown sugar, our butter, and our nuts. And I'm gonna stand up here and stir them and let them toast for about five minutes. And you don't wanna leave this unattended cause those pecans can, they can scorch on you real quick. So you'll want to stand. right here with them. Okay. I pecan praline, whatever pecan stuff. We gonna pour it out. onto a piece of tinfoil just like this. And I'll let it cool. And then we'll just break it apart, and it'll be kinda like. breaking up a praline. It'll be good. Good stuff. Okay, the last step for our pumpkin rum pie is the whipping cream. Now, I'm gonna beat up one cup of heavy whipping cream. Your timer's going off again, girly girl. All right, get every drop. You know, I'm gone get every drop. Now you can use confectioners. sugar or white sugar. When I'm whipping my cream I like to use granulated white sugar. Because this is sweeter than this. So I just like it. And I think, the recipe does not call for this, but I'm gonna put in , that was maybe a fourth of a teaspoon of rum extract. Like I said, it doesn't call for that but I'm just in a, I'm in a rummy mood. (laughing) (blender whining) My, kind of, own rule about whipping cream is I like it sweet. Some places, these fancy restaurants you'll go to and they. maybe put a tablespoon of sugar in their whipped cream. To me, it's just not good. I think of whipping cream as being sweet. So my kind of rule of thumb is a fourth of a cup of sugar, to one cup of heavy cream. So that one was kinda of. That was kind of overfilled. So that should be plenty sweet enough. Perfect. Yum. So good. So good. Our pies ready, gang. I had to have a lot of. patience to let this cool. All right now remember, when you've got a disposable pie pan take those scissors and just nip it like that. You know, the first piece that you take out is always usually, kind of messed up. But this just helps (scissors snipping) get it out a little bit easier. And then you just pull down on the fall like that. And then you can get your. pie server underneath that. Oh well it broke anyway, but the next piece will work out perfect. So, you know I feel obligated to eat that first piece since it's usually gonna come out ugly. (laughing) - Someone has to do it. - Yes. Somebody has to do it Eddie said. And that's exactly right. All right, so I'm gonna. top it with the cream. And what makes this one so special, is remember those praline nuts that we did on top of the stove? Mm, Mm, Mm And I wouldn't put the cream on until your serving. each individual piece. I wouldn't cover it, you. know, before you served it. Mm. So good. Tastes just like Thanksgiving, Eddie. Mm, so, so good Boy, it was a worth of wait chilling it. Mm. I'm trying to think is this someone in the baking cookbook? - No, that was the. - That was another Thanksgiving pie. - Buttermilk pie you did. - Well this one is so good. Mm Mm. Like those pieces of praline. And remember after I cooked. them for about five minutes I poured them out on tin foil and all you have to do then. is just break it apart. Now I've used cut, chopped. nuts, chopped pecans. But you can use hole ones that would be real pretty too. So I hope y'all enjoyed. It's mighty tasty. I wish y'all a wonderful, wonderful stress-free Thanksgiving. Is it such a thing? (laughing) I don't know. I don't know that I've ever had a stress free Thanksgiving. - Should be for you this year. - Mm Hmm. In case you didn't hear him. Eddie said, this year it. won't be full of stress. Cause we're going to Paula. Dean's Family Kitchen in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. for Thanksgiving. I'll be doing the cooking. in a roundabout way won't I? (laughing) Yum