- Happy 12 days of. Christmas cookies, y'all. I'm onto our next recipe. And that is a white. chocolate cherry cookie, or chunky, White. Chocolate Cherry Chunkies. And it sounds very similar to what my precious cousin, Don. Hiers, makes every Christmas. When he gets here for the holidays, the first thing I say is, "are you making the cookies today, the cherry chewy cookies?" Well, this recipe is. just a little different, but this is, I'm making. it and dedicating it to my dear, sweet cousin, Don Hiers. So, we've got a stick of butter, and that's always a great start, y'all. I'm gonna move this out of our way, how about that, Eddie? So you don't have to shoot around that. Now, this butter has been. softened to room temperature, and I'm gonna add my white sugar, I'm gone add my dark brown sugar, and I'm just gonna beat. those until it's creamy. These are really easy cookies to make. Don's are, well, they're beautiful and they're so good,. but his are a little bit more intense than these, 'cause you have to make an icing for his, and then you have to frost them all. And so this way, we're. gonna mix, mix, mix, but hopefully get that same. kinda good cherry flavor that Don's cookies have. (mixer running) All right, and my recipe that. I have calls for vanilla. Now, this is where I would. like to switch this up, 'cause, you know, I'm. not really good about doing my recipes like I. write 'em all the time. So I would prefer almond flavoring, because almonds make you. think you're eating cherries. So do we have any almond. flavoring anywhere, gang? - [Eddie] I don't think so. - No? - [Theresa] This move is killing us. - I know it. Theresa said,. this move is killing us, because we're just here temporarily because we're having some. reconstruction done on my house, so we can't move in until all that's done. So we're just kinda like half here. (laughing) We got just enough to get us by. - [Theresa] And for every recipe, you've asked for something we haven't had. - I know it.. (laughs) - [Eddie] Well, construction. hadn't started there yet. - That's alright. No, construction hadn't started, so, boo. - [Eddie] We're just sneaking in here. - I don't think I'll be able to film when construction starts, do y'all? - [Theresa] No, that's why. we're trying to get these done. - Yes. - [Theresa] So we don't have. to, we don't skip a beat. - All right, look at this, y'all. I remembered to break my egg. in a separate bowl on that one. Thank goodness the first one was good. Okay, so I've got my vanilla. in there, I've got my egg. (blending) What is that, milk? - [Theresa] Yes, ma'am. - Okay, we gone beat this up some and try to get it a little bit creamier before I add the milk. (blending) Yeah, see, it's getting real creamy. And I just love cookies that have brown sugar in them, y'all. All right, I'm gonna put this down so this milk won't fly all over me. (blending) Now it's safe to turn it back up, I think. (blending) Oh, Don, honey, you've. got to try this recipe 'cause it's so much easier. than that that you make. Although it's so delicious,. and it's kinda worth it. Uh-oh, what have I done? All right, now I've got to reach over here and add my flour. And this is what's gonna bring. these cookies over the top is candied cherries that. have been roughly chopped. My favorite nut in the whole world, maybe second to a pecan, macadamia nuts, and they're so expensive. And white chocolate chips. So I'm just gone stir those together, and then we'll just fold. this in at the last minute. And I think I mentioned on one of the shows that I've already done that next Christmas, I wanna. do the 12 days of Christmas, but I want to do y'all's 12. days of Christmas cookies. I wanna find out what. y'all's favorite cookies are and do those for y'all. - [Jackie] Hello! - Hola! (indistinct chatter) Hola! (laughing) Guess who's here, y'all,. Guess who is here! Oh my goodness! Guess who's here, y'all. The triplets. Hey, Jackie! - [Jackie] Hey, how are ya? - You want to decorate some gingerbread? Oh darling. Oh, you got to be pretty for Papa mama. Oh, who is over here? Meow! (Laughing) Eddie, there's Eddie. You want to get down, baby? (indistinct chatter) - I wore you a bell! Okay. I'm just still,. just adding the flour, and I'm kind of doing it in batches, just so it won't be overpowering for our wet mixture that we got going. I think I did that, this. will be the fourth batch. (blending) Like I said cousin Don,. this is a lot easier than that one that you make, but I hope it's at least half as good. If I remember correctly,. it's very good, so we'll see. Alright, so we're just gone mix that up and then, you know I added our candied cherries, um, my favorite nut in the whole world, macadamia nut, and white chocolate chips. So you can see those cherries are gonna give these cookies such. a pretty bright color. It's gone be cheerful. and Christmasy looking. (blending) Okay, that flung off pretty clean. Alright, so we're just going to fold those three ingredients in and I just love white chocolate. It's not really chocolate, is it? (Laughs) White chocolate isn't chocolate, right? Isn't that the way it goes - [Eddie] I don't know,. it must have like some. - I don't know. I don't. think white chocolate is really a chocolate, but it's very, very good. Let me look at these pretty cookies. This is a real stiff batter, y'all. So don't think you've done anything wrong, cause you haven't, it's. just a stiff, stiff batter. Okay, alright, so we're gonna, we are gonna scoop these up, and you remember I've told. y'all, it's my suggestion that you make sure every. cookie is the same size, because if it's too much in one and not enough in the other, they won't cook at the same time. So this is a great way to make sure your cookies are the same size. And this is what I call my, my butter, my butter baller or fruit baller, whatever you want to call it. But this will keep me,. this will help keep me on the straight and narrow, you know making sure my cookies. are all the same size. You know, you're free to add, You're free to add more cherries, but I do recommend that. you use the candied, because they don't have. any liquid in them. That was missing a cherry. So I think I can get maybe one more layer down the center, but you know, Maraschino cherries, they are sitting in liquid. So it would change the base. of your cookie a little bit. So I would definitely. stick with the candied. And like I said, you can always add more if you want them, add more nuts, add more white chocolate. Oh my gosh, these look delicious. Add a little cherry to that one and the rest looks pretty. good, don't you think? So, I'm gonna put this in my oven, which I have preheated to um, I think it was 350 degrees, y'all. No, it's 375, so that's. what my oven is set at. And we are gonna bake. these for 11 to 13 minutes. So if a recipe says 11 to 13 minutes, always check your cookies or your cakes at the lowest choice. So I will be checking these. cookies at like 10 minutes. Cause you never know if your. oven is calibrated properly. So it's best that we. keep an eye on things. And of course you can. always go to the store and buy you an oven thermometer and see if it's correct. See if the temperature that you requested adds up to what registers. So that's a great way to find out y'all. So we will be back to check on. those cookies in 10 minutes. Y'all don't go anywhere. Okay, there are our. Christmas Cherry Chunkies, White Chocolate Chunkies, and. look how pretty they look. I think it's been a while. since I've made these, but I think next time I make them, I'll add more cherries to them, cause I was really like that pop that those cherries give. it and they're piping hot. So I've probably, Ooh. Maybe I can get them out to show y'all. Now the recipe calls for. 10 to 13 minutes at 375, I think the oven is. So this was at 10 minutes, y'all. You can see my oven cooks pretty good. So if you wanted to jazz up this cookie, you could buy drizzling. Eddie said he would like. drizzled chocolate on top with maybe some chopped peppermint bits, right Eddie? Is this the. cookie you're talking about? - [Eddie] No, but this one here would be good with white chocolate. - Yes, because it's got. white chocolate in it, right? - [Eddie] Yeah. - So put some white chocolate on top. My head is full of sugar. plumbs and cookies. I'm getting them all confused. We're far enough along into. the 12 days of Christmas, that I'm confused, but that's it, y'all. One of our favorites for the 12 days of Christmas cookies. Love and Blessed Dishes.