- Michael, I'm so glad you're here. - [Michael] Me too. (Paula laughing) - Poor thing. His back and his sciatica, we ready to part ways with. that sciatica, aren't we? All right, so anyway Michael, I don't know if people. still do this anymore, I don't, I don't have little children anymore so I don't know what's happening, but I just love it when people used to take the time to do nice things, like if your child's been invited to spend the night with. somebody for the first time, it's just nice to have your child take a little gift, or your grandchild if. you're overseeing them. So I'm gonna put all the ingredients for these wonderful simple s'mores. Have you tasted it, Mike? - [Michael] No, I was. wondering what it was. - It's a simple s'mores bar. - Mm. - [Paula] Isn't it delicious? - So if I go to spend. the night with somebody, you would- - Yes, I will, I will do this jar up for you to take to your. spend the night partner. - [Michael] Okay. - But give me chance to get this arm wound up, okay? (Paula laughing) Oh. (Michael laughing) - [Michael] Well apparently - [Paula] I'm telling you, we couldn't get one good. person between the two of us. So, I'm going to share. this simple s'mores recipe with you, and the first layer to go in the jar is the miniature gram crackers. I think they're bears or something. Yes, it's a little bear. (Paula Laughs) Perfect bite size. - [Michael] Can vegetarians eat those? - Vegetarians? I don't know. - [Michael] Since it's animals. - Oh. (laughter) All right, the next layer, that was a cup and a half. of gram cracker bear bites. - [Michael] How you going. to get it out of that jar? - You going to pour it out. - [Michael] Oh. - (Paula Laughs) I'm. going to take a hammer and crack it. - [Michael] If they have. them like this then- - You so smart! The next layer is a cup. and a half of semi-sweet chocolate chips. Or you can use milk chocolate - [Michael] Oh that's for me. to take on my overnight party - Yes! This is for you. to give the mother and tell her you wanted to. bring her a little treat for being nice and having. you over to spend the night. Alright, a cup and half. of the chocolate chips. (Banging jar on counter) Alright, how much brown sugar is this? Half a cup of brown sugar. So we're going to pack. that down in there good. - [Michael] Might need. a hammer to get it out - Hm? - [Michael] Might need. a hammer to get it out if you're going to pack it down in there. (Paula laughs) - No. Brown sugar is very airy, Michael. So, got to wash my hands. - So do you get what. we're doing yet, Mikey? - [Michael] Yeah I do. - So, I'm going to put a ribbon on this along with the directions, the name of the recipe,. and the directions. And hopefully, the mother. that you're giving it to will make them for y'all. I can't tell which is the. right and which is the back. Alright, so, I'm going to tie. it up here around the rim. And if you keep old scraps of cloth around you could cut a square and. put the square of cloth between the top and the rim and make like a little house coat for it. This is a pretty sweet ribbon. And it's got a little light wire in it so that makes it work so good. Okay those are cut pretty good. (ribbon cutting) These scissors have about had it. Let me see if this is any better. - [Eddie] Use the one with the orange. - Okay, that one's no good either. Eddie, you just went and. bought a bunch of scissors. - [Eddie] Those are them. (laughs) - Okay. Yeah. Perfect. How sweet is that? I'm going to clean this. edge up a little bit because it was kind of gnarly looking. Okay. Now, I'm going to take a little of this ribbon. Isn't that sweet, place these seeds and watch them grow. Oh my gosh! The seeds. are still in here, Eddie! Oh my gosh, this is from Bubbles isn't it? Look! I got to go out there. and plant those seeds! "Plant these seeds and watch them grow" and watch love grow. I don't know it kind. of looks like Bubbles. Like sissy's writing. I don't know, I miss that. All right. I don't know if I'm cutting that or not. I think I am. Okay. All right, so we have printed. out the recipe for this. And I used a hole puncher. to punch the holes. Now we can do it this way,. where the letters out, or the letters in. And I think I'm going to put it I think I'm going to put it where it's out so mommy won't have. any trouble reading it. (Scissors cutting) Okay, sonny boy now you take this - [Michael] Those would be. neat like Christmas gifts - They'd be wonderful Christmas gifts. So you take this one to Mrs. Jones and tell her that you. hope she enjoys this gift from our family to hers. Okay? - [Michael] Thank you. Could. you just go ahead and fix mine? So I can just carry it in a pan - (Paula laughs) And you be a good boy, don't forget to say yes mam and no mam. - [Michael] Yes mam. - (Paula laughs) I just think that's a neat idea, yall, with summer being here,. and the kids out of school, they're probably going. to be doing this a lot. - [Woman] Paula, remind. them that the only thing they need is a stick of butter. - Oh! Okay, yeah. And it's. on the directions, right? - [Woman] It's on the directions. but all you add to that is a stick of butter and. press it into a 9in x 9in pan. - 9 by 9 pan, that's right. - [Woman] And bake it for 15 minutes. And there you have it. - How simple? How simple. I grant you that's easier than going out and starting a fire, and. doing s'mores on the grill. (Paula laughs) Right? - [Michael] Well it's fun to do that. - Yes it's fun. So, I'm so glad you like them Michael. So that's it. That's a summer time tip.