- It's summertime, y'all, and if it wasn't for my air fryer, I might not cook all summer long. It's so hot out there. - [Teresa] Yes. - I got in my car yesterday, and my temperature said 97 degrees. It burned my butt. - [Teresa] We went from zero to nothing. It was beautiful and then all of a sudden it was hot and humid. - Over. I don't have a speaker on. I don't have a-- - [Eddie] Oh, I didn't mic you up today. - I just realized I didn't have a mic and I'm just a-talkin'. - [Teresa] Oh well. - Okay, I'll talk loud. and we won't need one. So, anyway, you know, this time of year, most I don't even wanna cut on our stove. So, I'm gonna do, of. course I got my stove on. But, I'm gonna share with y'all a dessert, that tastes so good in the hot weather. And, it's a vanilla bean. caramel icebox dessert. And, Michael and I adore. ice cream (dog barks). What Lulu? Michael and I adore ice cream. In fact, we'll eat every night. We'll eat a little bowl of ice cream, or I buy those little miniature cones, you know the waffle cones. And, we sat here last night, and each ate two of those a piece. 'Cause they miniature,. you know (laughing)? So, this is very, very easy. It takes more time than talent. So, I'm gonna put in two cans. of sweetened condensed milk. (dog barks) What's her problem? - [Teresa] She's not getting attention. - Oh, does she want a treat? - [Teresa] Probably. - Do you want a treat, baby girl? - [Teresa] Is that what. you're looking for? - See if she wants a treat Eddie. See if she wants a treat. - [Teresa] Well come here. - Is that what you want? Is this what you want, oh. - [Teresa] Oh, I'm gonna. be your best friend today. There you go, oh, off she goes. - You didn't make her pay for it. - [Teresa] Oh, I'm sorry. - (laughing) She got a free treat. - [Teresa] And, that was. the last one of this bag, just so you know. - Okay. Well, that's their favorite treat. All right, so this is to. be done in a double boiler. Well, somehow along the way, my double boiler has gotten lost. So, two cans of sweetened condensed milk. And, I'm gonna add a. tablespoon of vanilla paste. That may take a while. for this to come out. See how thick it is. - [Teresa] I have never. used vanilla paste before. - It's a lot richer than-- - -I mean, look at that,. it's like those beans have been cooked down to insane taste. Oh yeah, yeah. Now, we're gonna just stir this on top of this double boiler. that we have rigged up here. It's just a regular pot, whoa, a regular pot with a glass. bowl over boiling water. And, we just gonna let this cook 'til it's a nice caramel color, and that very well could. take two hours, y'all. But, it's worth it, we're. gonna have a big amount. And, I guess you could. always buy caramel sauce at the grocery store. It's certainly less. expensive to do it this way. I'd have to go one more step. further and say it's better. So, two hours, just keeps stirring. The little chocolate paste. is, I meant the vanilla paste is already giving it a little. head start on the color. Thank you, Teresa. You know, there is something. that I wanted to say, just hold on Eddie. You can look at that. sweetened condensed milk, while I'm gone. But, this is important to me, that I talked to Angie Renew. Angie Renew sent me the. sweetest letter, y'all. And, I just loved what she said. She said, "Dear Miss Paula, "after watching one of your videos, "struggling with getting. the dough mixed up "with your butter, "I decided to order. this blending for you." Oh gosh, "It's stainless. steel, so I hope it will last." I love this. This would be perfect for Michael to eat, (laughing) or Jamie, he's. got the biggest mouth. "You can use it for multiple purposes. "I saw this being used on. another YouTube channel, "and immediately thought of you. "I hope it works for you." How sweet is that? - I'm gonna have to look up. a recipe that we can use it. - I know, well, anytime. you're mixing up biscuit, or any kind of dough. She said, "Keep your. awesome videos coming. "After all these years,. you're still my favorite." That's so sweet, Angie. And, I've got a picture here. I think you may have--I don't know. - [Eddie] I, in fact,. put that together here. - So, we gonna send that. picture to you, Angie, with a little message. But, thank you so much. about thinking about me. And, I will say this, you know, as you get older, you lose the strength in your hands, in your. arms, something fierce. So, I do find that I'm struggling more than I used to have to struggle. So, this is gonna come in so handy. I mean, isn't that a great thing - And, people are so sweet. - I wish I'd have thought. about it, I know it. The folks that watch my channel and have followed me over the years, are the sweetest people in the world. They don't have a mean bone in their body. - Nope, they don't. - Which is so refreshing. So, thank you, Angie. - We'll be back. (laughing) - It's almost there y'all, maybe 30 more minutes. All right, so y'all, it really. did take about two hours. But, it's no trouble, just. as long as you're gonna be in your kitchen. Just give it a stir once in a while. Now, we're gonna add, now that it is gotten the color we want, I just poured in a half a. cup of heavy whipping cream, and then we're gonna put. this in the refrigerator and let it cool completely. And then, we're gonna put our. ice cream dessert together. This is some serious, good stuff, y'all. All right, y'all (rustling). - [Teresa] 63, 63.9, so. we're right there at 63. - All right, so you saying it's. gonna take this whole thing. (rustling) - Whoa, okay (laughing), I like that. All right, so I'm lining our. dish with parchment paper, so when we get ready to take. it out and cut us a slice of ice cream, we can just lift. it out with those handles. And, I may have to swap. jobs with somebody, but I'm gonna see if I can't do it. (clattering) - How about I you get started. - I'm gonna get a hard spoon. (rustling) Yeah, I think if we use the-- - Oh, yeah. - --a firmer (beeping). There we go. That's too soft. So, I'm gonna have to use. something that'll let us dig. Now, you can use any. brand that you would like. I think a coffee ice cream would be good, but I tell you what, here. at the Deen-Brewer house, we love vanilla. All right, now I'm just. gonna take my hands, and pack that down. - I don't think so. - And, that should be like half. Woo, that's cold. The recipe for the ice cream,. y'all, calls for two 14, isn't it two 14 ounce. containers of ice cream? So boy, Heidi, when you start. putting your hands on it, it melts pretty quick. Oh, it's so cold. If you're in a real big hurry, and I have done this,. not in a double boiler, but you have to watch it. very, very closely, you know, just in a regular boiler. Okay, I'm just gonna level this out, and now, I'm gonna add one cup of the caramel sauce over our ice cream. - [Teresa] And we did let that cool down. - Oh yes, you have to let this cool or you will be having a milkshake, instead of a slice of ice cream. If you do this just on top of the stove in a regular sauce pan, that. probably would get much darker. You know, I have in the past, Teresa, caramelized the sweetened condensed milk in boiling water and a sauce. pan on top of the stove. And, that works real good too. Okay, look this at this. You know, now at this point, I'm thinking, who knows, you might like some nuts (laughing), or another spoon full of sugar (laughing). I'm kidding (rustling). All right, now we're gonna put this back in the freezer and let it get hard again. - [Teresa] No, you put. more ice cream on top. - Oh, I'm gonna go ahead and do that now. - [Teresa] Yes, ma'am. - I thought I needed to. let that firm up some. - [Teresa] Nope, we. let everything firm up. Cut it in slices. - That, suits me. - Let me help you. (laughing) Not that I'm much help, but-- - Frozen ice cream is hard to-- - Work with. - Yeah, It's hard to work with. - And, you really are not gonna. need this whole container, 'cause this is a lot. larger than what you need, but at least you can buy one container, instead of having to worry about the two. And, they make it pretty. easy by telling you half. Let me know if you're gonna need more. I don't know that you are, but, knowing you, you will. - Yes. But, that's all right, you know I don't mind using. more than it called for. - Versus less. - Yeah, because you keep. this in the freezer, and all you have to do is. take it out and slice it. - Yeah, this will last. Oh, I'm sorry, I'm shirking on my duties. Okay, go ahead and finish it. - Let me get this down first, please. Yes, ma'am. - That's all we have left. - (laughing) Well, stick it in there. - So, you can't have anymore. Or, either we can eat it. - All right, so we used a whole. gallon of vanilla ice cream, homemade vanilla ice cream. And, we just covered it. with a parchment paper. It's going in the freezer now. And, when we get ready to serve it, I'll be able to pull it out by the handles of the parchment paper. And then, I will drizzle. it with more caramel sauce. This caramel sauce is unbelievable, y'all. Worth every minute. It's not hard, you just. can't leave your kitchen for a couple hours. - [Teresa] Yum. - Uh huh, uh huh (laughing). Look at this wonderful summer dessert. So good. Can I cut you a piece? - [Teresa] Yes, please. - Yay (laughing), yay, yay. Eddie, Eddie (laughing). - [Teresa] Eddie says, "I said yes." - Eddie's grinnin'. Oh, my heavens. - [Teresa] Ooey and gooey. - I think we could have left it in the freezer a little bit longer. - [Teresa] You know, we. don't wait very long. We're not too good at waiting. - I know, we're not patient. - [Teresa] People. - I'm so glad that we. used the parchment paper. All right, now, we just. need another little spoon. - [Teresa] I'll grab it for you. - Thank you. This is, yeah, and get. you a spoon to eat with. Okay, there you go, enjoy yourself. - You have to grab your spoon too. - Oh, I am. Eddie can I cut you a piece now? - [Eddie] I'll cut a piece in a minute. - Okay. - [Teresa] He waits, you know, he does this whole dinner thing. - He's got patience. - [Teresa] We don't. - All right, lets see. (scraping) - Michael, girl would. wanna shoot me (laughing), if he knew I was up. here eating this stuff. - [Teresa] Without him? - Think liver lips likes it. - Very much. (laughing) - Okay, Terese. - Put that back in the freezer. - See how easy by putting. that parchment paper in there. Whoa, now y'all this caramel sauce, will keep in the refrigerator. for a couple of weeks. But, I'm thinking, let's freeze it. (laughing) That 'bout. knocked me off my feet. Just when I thought ice cream. couldn't get any better. Oh my goodness, lets go sit. on the back porch and rock. - [Teresa] Love it. - And, eat our ice cream. It's out of this world, y'all. Simple and wonderful. One of the best dishes. (laughing) in the heat.