- All right, today, I'm going to make one of our favorite desserts and y'all probably have. made them in the past. But for those of you who. have not ever made them, I want to give y'all this recipe and we're going to start. with two cups of flour, and that would be all purpose. - [Theresa] What are we are making? - We are making lemon bars, and about a teaspoon of salt, and a cup of confectioner sugar. And I'm gonna just stir that up and then we gone cut in two. sticks of softened butter. So this is truly like a butter crust. And we're going to bake this. off for about 15 minutes after we get the butter cut in. See how nice and soft that butter is? It's just going to cut right. into that flour and that sugar. This just reminds me of. some kind of French pastry, you know, 'cause you're. not stingy with the butter, but yet it's not a real sweet because a cup of. confectioner's sugar is to me, not nearly as strong or as sweet as a white granulated sugar. Okay. It's getting in there pretty good. All right, we might be to a point where I could kind of. start stirring and mashing. Yeah, 'cause that butter is so soft. I'm gonna go in like this. and the warmth of my hands is gonna help soften. that butter even more. Hm. You know, these, these. things are our best tools, they're our best tools we got. All right. It's coming together. Look at that beautiful. crust we getting, Eddie. Perfect. All right, probably, I'm probably gonna need to dip my fingers in some powdered sugar so the crust won't stick to my fingers. - [Theresa] How about I help you out and put some of this in here. - Okay. - [Theresa] I'll put. it in this little bowl instead of you having to put. your whole hands in there. - Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Now we're just going to. transfer that to our 13 by nine. And I'm not gonna butter this because there is two sticks. of butter in that dough. So I don't think we're. gonna need any more butter. So this is going in the oven. at 350 for 15 or 20 minutes. And after that's cooked, we are gonna come back and do the topping for it. And then we'll put that on and we will bake it. another 15 or 20 minutes. So all total, it'll bake about 45 minutes. Just want to make sure. that's flat and even. That's it, we're halfway. there to lemon bars y'all. So, we are ready now to make the filling for our lemon bars y'all and you can see this beautiful crust and I've let it cool down. actually for a minute and it's going to be wonderful. And this is so easy. All we're going to do is add. two cups of granulated sugar. I can't remember how much plain flour. - [Theresa] Six tablespoons. - Six tablespoons? Okay, six tablespoons of plain flour and that's gonna get this, will kind of set up, you know? All right, and we're also putting in six tablespoons of fresh lemon juice. Now I know you can buy. that lemon juice, you know, in that, it looks like a lemon. and, but don't, don't use, don't use that, take the time to just. juice you some fresh lemons because it makes all the. difference in the world y'all. All right, now we're. going to add four eggs and we're just gonna pour. this on top of our crust and we're gonna put it. back in the oven y'all. Look, any other time, those yolks would break and. be all over the place, look. I'm gonna have to just stomp them. So, we're gonna pour. this on top of our crust and then we're gonna put it in a, I think, I think I said 350 degrees, and that, the egg in. this is going to call, cause that to, to bake. up nice and custard-y. And you know, if you wanted to, you could grate up some fresh lemon to put on top. of it, but there we go. In the oven, 25 more minutes. No butt shots, Eddie. Well, y'all our lemon bars look fabulous. So I just took those out. and they're piping hot so I'm going to dust them. with a little powdered sugar so they won't feel so naked. Don't want them to feel naked, do we? Theresa just said this is. one of her favorite desserts and they're so easy. I don't know if they're. going to cut, Eddie, with it being this hot. I'll try. - [Eddie] Yeah, I mean this. is kind of a chilled dessert. - [Paula] Well, you just want to cool so you can cut it, you know? - [Theresa] Oh, look at that. - [Paul] Look at that. Clean as a whistle, it came out, but they may be, Theresa come on in and help me. taste your favorite dessert. Okay? - [Theresa] I don't have. a problem doing that. - It's gonna be boiling. hot, but so, so good. - I love the creaminess. - There, you wanna cut it? Don't burn yourself now, it's hot. Is it good? - So good. I love the crunch 'cause it's got the crust and the top. - Are you gonna share a bite with me? - No. - I just want a little tiny. bite and the rest is yours. - [Theresa] Oh, that fresh lemon it makes such a difference. - I know. - [Theresa] People don't realize that. - That artificial lemon is the worst. - [Theresa] I mean, it's. good if you're in a pinch and I mean, but you can. definitely tell the difference. - You'd have to be in a bad pinch. This is like, it's like candy where it cooked around the edges. Now, if you wanted a thicker lemon square, you would cook this in an. eight by eight or nine by nine, if you like thicker, but. this is pretty rich so, 'cause of that two sticks of. butter in the crust, right? - [Theresa] My kinda dish. - If you've never had one,. you gotta try it y'all. Love and best dishes.