well if y'all were late today you . have missed the most fabulous meal   carla hall y'all she just cooked some wonderful . creamy grits and lamb with a white gravy well   now we can't do a whole show without something . sweet that's right do you love macaroons i love   macaroons i adore love i adore macaroons we're . gonna make lemon coconut macaroons y'all now if   you would just zest that entire lemon for me and . i'm gonna be separating one egg now you know i   think macaroons are probably one of the easiest . cookies to make yes can't hardly mess them up   and you can do so many things with them as far as . flavors well the fact that you're putting lemon   into it i love it i mean like i said lemons well . i knew that you love lemon and i'm gonna separate   the white from the yolk there we go how are you . coming i'm good i've got all this beautiful lemon   zest okay wonderful all right now if you would . just put that in our bowl with our egg white yup   and since you've been such wonderful company . today and offered to do so much of the work   there you go girl well this is gonna be my . exercise for today yes whip it until it's   frothy and then i'm gonna be putting our other . ingredients in now i'm gonna add just a pinch   of salt more compliments even for the desserts yes . yes yes now i've got some sweetened condensed milk   oh my gosh do you know i love sweetened . condensed milk do you make oh you don't   you know you drink it right out of the can . honey the the most wonderful dessert in the   world is snow ice cream i know love it and all . you have to do is get the clean white snow and   add sweetened condensed milk to it yup and it is . out of this world all right that looks great half   a teaspoon of vanilla extract then i'm gonna add . in honor of carla half a teaspoon of lemon extract yum all righty now i'm just gonna put in that . three of a cup of the sweetened condensed milk   the yummy of the yummy yummy yummy yummy now i've . got a 14 ounce bag of flaked coconut just fold in   all of this coconut nice right into there and . i tell you what carla i'll take this over okay   and fold this in if you just pull our cookie . sheet over here i mean how simple a recipe   can this well that's the thing the thing is . when things are easy you will actually do them   you're exactly right personally i know my friends . and i yes go in my friends and i love to keep it   delicious it's simple is it good hauls . are so good mmm the lemon oh my gosh we should make two batches yes one to . eat while we're making them yes yes i know now we're gonna use a little . smaller ice cream scoop y'all   you want all of them the same size so they'll . all cook i'm just going to kind of press that   down in there so we're going to get 12 . mounds yummy isn't it yummy it really is   okay i'm gonna put these in yeah mm-hmm okay yes . 300 degrees y'all for 20 minutes you know i feel   like i've made a new friend today and i hope that . we'll get to see each other a girl cheers cheers hey y'all it's paula dean now if . you enjoyed this blast from the past   be sure to like it and click the subscribe button   as well as the notification bell to be alerted . when i post a video love and best dishes y'all