- [Bobby] Hey everybody,. its Bobby Dean here And my wife Claudia and we. are filling in for my Mom While she's recovering from. a little bit of eye surgery That she had up at Duke University. Um, but we're still goin. All of you know about it and shes doing Really, really great and she's. on the mend and all is well. But she's not exactly Uh, ready to Step in front of the camera. Um, to do cooking videos,. so, I'm filling in for them And today I've got the. most special guest that I could possibly have. - [Claudia] Me In fact, I'm saying it. backwards cause I'm the guest This is Claudia's recipe. We're here today in our. home and Claudia was Just holding up a dish. towel, what does it say? - I love it, my mom gave us this. - What does it say? - Silence is golden. unless you have children Then silence is suspicious. So true. - Its awfully quiet in here. - I know right, suspicious. - All right, so, Claud, does lots of great, really simple Easy, healthy, recipes. We make a lot of food here at home. For ourselves, and for our children. And uh, Claudia, wants. to share with you today A cookie recipe that she loves to do. So, with no further ado, take it away My beautiful bride, Claudia Dean. - Simple, I think is the key,. like, I like to do things That don't take much time. Bobby loves to go like,. through the recipes And measure everything. I measured these just for the purposes So you can make it at home. But if it were for me, I. would just eyeball everything. So, I brought this specially for Bobby Because he hates when my hair is down. - Yeah, run your fingers. through it a few times. - I'll wash my hands - Oh yeah - Bobby hates hair. - Hey, I'm a kitchen guy. - Hates hair. - I'm a restaurant guy - If he sees hair - No, I don't mind hair my head - Its like, his biggest nightmare. - Ironic that I hate hair and. look at how it paid me back I don't have, hardly any of it. Where I don't like hair is on. the countertops, in the food - Even in like the bathroom. floor, he'll freak. - All right, so, back to the recipe. And it is? What kind of cookies are these? - Hates hair, so I'm going to put my I'm going to put my nail away, my ring. - Put your nails away. - Oh Coco Um, Coco's our dog, one of them. Okay, so we are going to do. a five minute cookie recipe. - Okay - We can call it - I'm looking at the clock - Five minute no, sorry, five ingredients. - Okay I was going to say - Its going to take twenty minutes From the beginning til the end. - That right? - And its because it. cooks for fifteen minutes. So to put it together. is only five minutes. Um Its a chocolate Almond butter cookie. No A chocolate, almond cookie. Or an almond, chocolate chip cookie. - Mhm - Which one sounds better? - I liked the chocolate,. almond butter cookie. - Its not almond butter, just almond. - Okay, well chocolate,. almond cookie then. - Okay chocolate, almond cookie. - By the way, speaking. of things being great. I look great. Am I a lucky duck? Or. what? Cause, everything That's going on right here Are you going to wear earrings. today? Oh, you got some on. I didn't notice them. - Do you have your target shirt on? - I certainly do, damn right I do. - I got it for him. - You bought this. - Target - Don't make fun of it. - This means we're not going to - What were you doing at target? - With my face mask. Okay, so Okay, so We have We're just going to mix it all in. - Take it away. - We preheated our oven at three fifty. - Damn right. Then what? - And again, the recipe. that y'all can find online I'm doubling it, because its Friday. Even though you might not. be seeing this on a Friday. And I want cookies for the weekend. So, I'm doing double the recipe. - And there's a lot of. mouths in this house. - Yes - So they will get eaten, believe me. - Yes, so, we are going to have - What kind of utensils do you need? - Hands, so, this is very simple. - I don't like it - No, no, you use your. hands, hands, your hands. All right, so, we have - Your hands? - Yes We have, you may get some. nail polish, if its my hands. - Why was I looking at the. whole nail, oh , it is my nails. - Ew - all right, so, we have - The visual We have Two cups Almond What's it called? Flour, thank you Eddie, I know flour. You can do this with any, like ground oat - Mhm - So it would be like oat. flour, but this is almond flour. - That's a good start - Mhm, well we may want a spoon. - How about a rubber spatula? - All right, then we have one cup of almond butter. Am I as good as your mom? - No, its just, you asked me what I like - I'm just trying to remember the amount. I said, chocolate almond. butter is what I like And you said its not almond butter. - Well, there's almond. flour, so you can't just Call it almond butter,. its like double almond. I'm sure I remember the amounts. I poured this in this container Like five minutes ago and I. already forgot the amounts. - Two cups of flour, One cup of almond butter.. - I just eyeball everything. I just like to eyeball. - Its good, I like that. - Then, half a cup of maple syrup. Lets talk about each ingredient Lets go back, the almond. flour is just ground almond So you can do, this is. very natural, very simple Ground almonds, then you have the almond butter And its just ground almonds. So when you go to the store. you want to get the almond Butter that the only. ingredients are almonds And maybe sea salt. But no sugar or oil, you. don't need any of that. Like the almond butter. already has a lot of fat. Which are healthy fats,. any free fats, that's okay. And then the maple syrup,. we just get like, its not Like the pancake, its. like real maple syrup. Like Vermont maple syrup. Even though it came from Publics - That's a running joke, a. running joke in our family. A running joke about a. trip we took to Vermont That we took a few years back. - Yeah - Now as far as the almond butter And peanut butter is concerned. - Baby I said with your hands. I do it with my hands. But Bobby doesn't want. our nail polish in it so - There are almond butters. and peanut butters out There that are completely natural. That the sole ingredients. would be almonds. - Roasted almonds or peanuts - Right - And sometimes it has sea salt - Right - But you don't want it to. have sugar or like palm oil Or any of that, that's. just not sustainable its added fat and sugar. that you don't need. - And you know what, I'm here. to tell you that they're good. The natural ones, they really are good. - Bobby for lunch every day has Two bananas with almond butter. - Yeah usually I do,. cause its quick and easy. That's on the go food. These, okay, so, - So, this is what that looks like. - Yes and Bobby did it with a spatula. That's pretty good. And then we have half a. cup of chocolate chips. So, I'm using dark. chocolate chips for baking. You can just like mash a. chocolate bar, whatever works. But this is a Vegan Chocolate chips So these can be vegan cookies. - Mm - Or you can just use milk. chocolate, whatever you like. There you go - Probably a Semi sweet Probably a real high cacao. - Yeah that's like fifty five I think. And then there is a half Sorry I'm just trying. to remember the amounts. - Its all right, its all. right, its countable. Its a full teaspoon. - Okay - Of baking powder - Okay - Perfect, that's it. My memory, deceased my brain. - Well, I think that you're. doing good considering you have Three young babies Two dogs Me - A husband And usually, like again. like, the way I cook I just eyeball everything. So when I have to put. everything into amounts That's hard for me - I'm with you Claud, I always, yeah - You always like to. measure everything, baby. - No, well I do, I'm about. to make a comment on it I think that pinch and. dash cooking is lots of fun And I don't think that it. has to be exact or precise But when baking you do have to. be a little bit more precise. - Well, this is like kind of baking So what we're going to do This is probably going. to be sixteen cookies. Again the recipe that. y'all can find online Is eight cookies. So we are going to make little balls. - Do you want a spoon? - No, we are going to do. it with our hands, come on. I took my wedding ring out, so Oh, should I bring it here? - Mhm - So we're going to make Actually, I think with the spatula It got mixed better than with the hands. What would I do without Bobby? - You'd probably be better off. But my mom has always said, The best tools in The kitchen are the. ones that god gave you. So you're not wrong. - Yeah but last time made But last time I made them I. think they were not as pretty. You know what? We are going. to need another of this. So you are just going to make Little balls with your hands. And you're going Not little balls, you're just. going to make your cookies. And they are going to be so good. And the fun thing about this recipe Is that you can make it. whatever you want to make Whatever you want it to be. So you can do almond butter. These, again are almond chocolate cookies. As Bobby called them. But you can make them like,. peanut butter, if you wanted. Or if you like sun flower butter. Or whatever butter you. like, you can just use that. And again if you want. something that is not almond Or maybe you have an almond. allergy, or who knows what. You can use ground oats as your flower. So its a very Do you want to help me do this? - Uh uh Did you just drink water. and do (sigh) in my ear? - I was so thirsty. So thirsty. - Okay um I think you're doing beautiful,. this is a nice display. Well we don't have enough room right here. - Plenty There we go, much better, thank you. - So - I think you were just making an excuse - I was enjoying my hands staying clean. - They're going to be clean,. they're going to be moisture. - I see that, your skin looks so good Might want to rub this on my face. - Your face is what I. was going to tell you. Um, yeah I think its going to make It should make sixteen - The consistency of. these cookies is beautiful Because look how great, I. mean those look like pro. Are these going to um. - I am pro. - Yeah, what am I thinking? They um, are they going to expand out And become, are these. going to be big cookies? - No, no, no They are small cookies. They may go like a little bit just Because I have the baking - The baking powder - But they are not going to be like Starbucks sized cookies. - Okay Well those just look great. And they smell really good too. - Well I mean its not. like when I made buns. - No, no I mean it just - Target shirt - Yeah I don't mind I don't mind Say whatever you want - There we go Look how pretty. And they're going to taste even better. Are you going to have one? - Um, yeah, at least one - Or a few? How many are there? Twelve - So far, this sheets. gonna be really small you're only going to get - Like four - You're going to end. up with about sixteen. - Yeah that's what I calculated. I made these last week for the babies And they love them. We took some to the beach. - We are going to have one. or two small cookies here. - I share another - This one is loaded with chocolate chips - Nice, that's fine, I. share another cookie recipe On my Instagram, the one. with the bananas, remember? - Yep, I do - With the banana oats,. that was pretty good too. I'm goin got take some - Oh yeah those are good. So I made these two recipes. That I made up. One from. I shared that. one on my Instagram is pretty good and then this one. So we got Actually we got seventeen cookies. - Okay some couple odd sizes in there. I might've made one or two, too big. - No, they look great. So we are going to cook. that for fifteen minutes. - Okay, so they're. ready to go in the oven? - Yes sir Preheated three fifty, middle rack. I'll put these, i wish we had room, You know what? we might have room. - It doesn't matter, you. can just put it wherever. - Doesn't matter? - No We're casual - I'm putting it om the top rack Just watch it close. - Yup I will be back - That was so easy So, we'll see you in fifteen. minutes for some hot cookies. All right everybody we're back And its been about fifteen minutes. The timer just went off and. the cookies smell so good. So lets get them out of the oven. You ready Claud? - Yes - All right, step back,. don't let it burn you. - Step back - Here comes the small pan. Gosh they're perfect. - And then there's the big pan. - Oh man - These are the ones that should be - Careful, its hot, careful - That's right - Excuse me, I'm sorry - I'm just so excited, I want to eat them. - Yeah, well don't be so. excited that you burn yourself. - Yes, so you probably. want to let them sit - They look and smell delicious - Yeah, you probably want to let them Sit for like ten minutes. - If I can handle them we're in trouble. - You can handle them. - I'm going to put them in here - What're you doing? - I'm just Are they good? - Mm - I want a bite. - there's seventeen cookies here. How are you going to take one of mine? - Sixteen, oh the one that has a lot Of chocolate in it that Bobby made. - Mm, mm, good Claud - Are they good? - They're beyond good. - Mm - Those are excellent. - Mm mm - Great recipe, we have. to share some with Mom. - Some, or one? - Some - (Laughs) - Michaels there too, Eddie There's people that would want these. These are excellent We'll pack some up and. take them home with you. All right Claud, thanks. very much for helping Me stand in for mom. You did a great job. Your recipes are great. I'm a lucky duck, cause. this is the kind of Stuff that happens at. our house all the time. So Maybe we'll see you again While Mom is healing up. In the mean time, I'm. going to eat cookies. Thanks for joining us, bye y'all - Thank you, enjoy!