- 12 days of Christmas cookies, y'all. I called, and y'all answered. I just love, love, love seeing. all my friends out there, what their favorite Christmas cookie is. And I got the sweetest. letter from Anne Elson. And Anne is from Ohio. And she said, "Paula, first off I just wanna say I absolutely adore you as did my mother that passed away in 2008 when I was only 33 years old." And that is so young, Anne. I was 23 when I lost. my mother and he said - I don't care how old you are,. it's just hard to say goodbye to your mother and your father. "So in 2007 I went to visit my brother in Jacksonville and. then we went to Savannah for the weekend and mom. was not able to join him. So we went to your brother's restaurant, Uncle Bubba's and I. got your fried chicken. I took some of it back. to the condo, froze it, flew it home with me in my checked bag and by the time I arrived. back in Ohio, it had thawed. We reheat, we reheated it,. and mom was in hog heaven. Laugh out loud. I have enclosed my. favorite Christmas cookie and we would love to see. you make it on your channel. God bless, much love, Anne Elson." And Anne, much love back to you. I can't tell you how it makes me feel when I get letters like yours. So, thank you. Thank you for your love and your support and reminding. me of my Uncle Bubba. My brother, Uncle. Bubba's was, it was good. It was good. So Anne has sent us pecan. tarts and they sound wonderful. We make something similar but not really. A little miniature pecan muffin. But I have not made one. like this one, Anne. So here we go. It makes 12 muffins. And I first thought that maybe you were making. miniature, putting 'em in a miniature, but you're not. You're, you have told me. to use a regular muffin tin which I appreciate that so much. So, alright, I'm gonna need,. we will need my beaters. - [Theresa] Sorry. - That's all right, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. - [Theresa] I forgot to. put the beater back out - So, you're not perfect after all? - [Theresa] No, far from. - I thought she was perfect, y'all. - [Theresa] Please. - You're perfect enough for us, Theresa. - [Theresa] Thank you. - Okay, so I've got three. ounces of cream cheese, of that brown sugar. So let's see if she gives. us any special instructions. Make the crust. - [Theresa] And the crust. is actually the butter. - Uh huh, includes cream. cheese, butter, flour, and salt. - [Theresa] Yes ma'am. - So, using a cookie scoop, scoop out a ball of dough. into 12 muffin tins. I will do it. All right, so third of a, yeah, three ounces of cream. cheese, which would be, uh - Is it half? No, it's like, anyway, your cream cheese, it comes, you have an eight ounce, but. you can buy it in a three ounce - [Theresa] But they don't. sell three ounce anymore. - No! - [Theresa] They don't,. and, but they do tell you on the eight ounce package, the ounces, so you can measure your three and cut it. - I didn't realize,. cause see I never bought that to start with, cause I use a lot of cream cheese in this house. So this, this is gonna be our crust and I'm gonna add a little salt, and then I'm gonna add my flour, and just cream that all together. Now Anne doesn't say to. use a, Anne doesn't say whether we are supposed to. grease our muffin tins or not. So there's a lot of butter in here. So I'm assuming, and you. know what "assume" is but I'm assuming cause of all the butter in the crust that you. might not have to worry about it's sticking, but I. may just for the fun of it, give it a quick spray. All right, she, I think she said put a table spoon with a cookie scoop. Scoop out a ball of dough. Now where is my cookie scoop? I know it's around here somewhere. I think this might be it. I'm gonna give that a little. spray so that it won't stick. All right. After we get these filled, then I'm gonna come back. and spread them out. You know, like a pie. crust down on the bottom and up the sides. Okay Eddie, I've got 12 of them filled. Now what I need for you. to help me with is show me which ones look short to you. Definitely that one, yes. Which other one? Maybe that very first one I did. Because I was definitely guessing. What you think, Ed? - [Eddie] Yeah, that front one. - Which one? - [Eddie] That front one. - The very first one? - [Eddie] Yeah. - Okay, that looks pretty,. pretty even, doesn't it? Okay, Ms. Theresa - [Theresa] Yes ma'am? - There's your dirty bowl. Oh no, I'll use that. I can use it for the filling. cause it does not matter, cause it's all going. down in the same place. All right, so I'm gonna,. I'm gonna spray my hands so hopefully the dough will stick. to me instead of the pan. So Anne just says to press 'em out, we wanna make sure you don't. have any holes at the bottom. And course we're not gonna have. a tremendous amount of crust but coming up the sides, but. I think it'll be a penny. So that's the way we. are gonna handle that. And I think we're on our way to a winner. Not "W-I-N-T-E-R", but "W-I-N-N-E-R" And I had a hard time getting. the, the pie crust even I think cause some are kind of thin. You know what, I'm gonna. be making these again but you know what girl? I am gonna increase my. pie dough, my pie crust with a little bit more ingredients. So if I, if I mess up too. bad, I'll have some extra. But these look wonderful. Now I've got 'em on the bottom and up the sides the best I could. So now Anne says to put. your pecans on the bottom. And this is usually the way. I do my regular pecan pies. I like to put my nuts down on the pastry and then pour my liquid, the filling part on top of it so it just works out good. And I thought I saw, oh no, it's a nut. I thought I saw a piece. of shell, but I didn't. All right, now let's see. We start out with how many nuts? One cup of chopped pecans. And was this a cup,. Teresa? Did you measure? - [Theresa] Yes ma'am. - Okay, so I don't know how many I might can get a little heavier. on my nuts, which is great. So I'll go back and use these. till I don't have a nut left. Where? Where am I shy, Eddie? Where? - [Eddie] That one. - This one? - [Eddie] The middle. - The middle one? - [Eddie] Mm-hmm. - Okay. Okay. I don't want anybody to not. have the right amount of nuts. This one looks short to me, right there. So I'm gonna steal, you. know, I'm going to borrow I'm going to borrow a. little nuts from the others. All right. So it's time to make our. filling and it too is simple. And Anne tells us not to beat. this with an electric mixer but to do it by hand. And that's two eggs. And I think that's a cup of brown sugar. Let me check. - [Theresa] I think its on the bottom. - Yeah. Cup of brown sugar. And you can use light or dark. Dark brown sugar will just give. you a little darker muffin. And now with the butter. I just love pecan pie and. I don't make 'em very often because I want to eat the. whole, you know, pie by myself. - [Eddie] I tell you what, the one, the pecan pie that you serve. at Creek House is so good. - Isn't it delicious? - [Eddie] Yes. - Delicious, delicious. - [Eddie] I didn't discover. that until too late. - Have they quit serving that? Did they take that opportunity? - [Eddie] Oh no, no, no, they still - Oh, you're too full. Is that right? - [Eddie] Well, no, I mean you've been open three years. and I've just discovered it. - Oh! Oh, you said it was too late. I didn't know what you were talking about. Okay, I'm gonna divide this equally. Where's my little scoop? I'm gonna try to do this perfectly even. This recipe is very, very easy and the only thing is. that what takes me so long is trying to get everything. just perfect as far as, as far as dividing the. muffins perfectly even. But this is gonna help, by using my butter scooper. for cookie scooper. And I got it! And I hope I. got 'em pretty much even. And I hope I do not disappoint. Don't wanna disappoint you with your recipe cause. it looks too wonderful. - How long does it say to put it in there? - 350 for 20 minutes, Theresa. And I so enjoyed reading. your sweet email to me. It's folks like you just warm my heart. You give love and then you get it. And I'm hoping that you're getting the love. that I'm sending to you. Not only did I have a sweet,. sweet letter full of love, I got a sweet, sweet recipe. that Anne sent in along with her email and their pecan. tarts and the crust y'all. Y'all remember at the very start Our crust is flour, cream cheese, Can't remember now. Butter? Butter, - [Theresa] Little bit of butter. - Cream cheese. - [Theresa] It's right. there in front of you. - Sure is. One three-ounce package of cream cheese, a stick of butter cup of flour and a dash of salt. My own pecan pie, I. didn't eat the whole pie. I don't make many pecan pies and because I just want to. eat the whole thing. So this is just a perfect satisfier. And I do love a cream cheese crust. Mm mm! So thank you so much, huh? I just love what y'all send to me. I appreciate it. The tarts are delicious. Can you imagine with a scoop of ice cream? Just a little scoop.