(laughs) - Guess what time it is, kiddies? It's time for Halloween. And Aunt Paula is here. to show y'all some tricks and some treats. No tricks, no tricks. Just treats, isn't that. right, isn't that right, Sam Skeleton?. (laughs) I'm gonna put him back. where Eddie had him, just cooking right there in the fireplace. I think we've cooked all. the meat off his bones, don't you, Eddie? - Picked it all off.. - And we have cooked it all off. Oh, and the fire feels so good and the witch has got her witches brew brewing in the cast iron skillet. And it's just looking spooky around here. So I'm gonna slide on over here and I'm gonna watch out for goblins, 'cause I've been a good girl, a big girl and I don't want the goblins to get me. I just want treats today, not tricks. So the first thing we gonna. start making today, kids, is pumpkin spice cookies. And they are so easy to. make and yet so good. And these are gonna have a frosting on it. And there's nothing better. than a cookie with frosting. It's like two in one treats. So we are gonna start. by beating the butter. And I've got two sticks of butter here. And after we get our dough made, it's gonna have to sit in the refrigerator for about an hour because. we are gonna roll this out and we are gonna use our cookie cutters. Let's see, there they are over there. We're gonna use our cookie cutters to make our cookies in. the shape of pumpkins. All right, so we're gonna mix our sugar and our butter together. until it's completely, uh oh. You know what? My mama told me that. it always works better if you plug this in. (laughs) Thank you, mama. Thank you mama. Okay, so this should take. maybe a couple of minutes. So we got that nice and creamy. So the next thing we're. gonna do is add our eggs one at the time. And we've got two eggs. Come on now egg. There you go.. (laughs) So while we're making these cookies, I would like for y'all to think about your favorite Halloween memory, your all time favorite one, whether you're a wee little. child or a great big grown up. Tell me, and if you. would send me the story of your favorite Halloween memory. Can y'all do that? Okay, egg number two. And we're just gonna beat. this until it's creamy. And then we're going to. give it one more twirl with our spatula to get. that all down from the sides so that it's well incorporated. And now we're gonna add a rum flavoring. And let's see, how much is that? A half a teaspoon of rum. and a tablespoon of vanilla. So there's our vanilla. And let's see, somehow all my little. teaspoons have gotten away so I'm gonna use my. tablespoon to judge that. Oh, there was my teaspoon.. - I was like there they are. (laughs) - It's so good when you can see. And one tablespoon of vanilla extract. And this is that good extract. And you can find these in our stores in our Paula Deen Family. Kitchen restaurants. And I think the Lady and. Sons, don't we carry this at the Lady and Sons, Eddie?. - Oh yeah, definitely. - It's the good stuff. All right, so we're just. gonna incorporate that. Make sure, oh, that rum smells so good. It's not that kind of rum. that'll make you silly. You know, (laughs) this rum won't affect your thinking. All right, so I'm gonna come. over here and let's see. I think that's a, yep,. that's my powdered sugar. All this is for our icing. All right, so I'm gonna add a little salt. Two teaspoons of baking powder. And I think it's like one. tablespoon, one tablespoon plus. Anyway, let's see how much is. supposed to go in the icing, 'cause I wanna make sure this is right. Whisk together cream. cheese, half cup butter and one tablespoon of pumpkin spice. So the most pumpkin spice. does go in our icing, not our cookie. So we're gonna mix this together and we're gonna slowly add this to our egg and butter mixture. And that's when we're gonna. put it in the refrigerator and let it get hard, or at. least firm so we can roll it out without it coming apart when. we go to do the cookie cutouts. Okay. There we go. Like a half a cup at the time. And we'll need to keep our spatula handy so we can make sure all of our ingredients gets mixed in well. And after every couple of additions, we're gonna take our. spatula and we're gonna rub all those ingredients down and make sure they all get mixed up. Okay, so I'm gonna get some wax paper or parchment paper to. wrap our dough up in. And we'll start the hour with the refrigeration part. Now let's see, what do we want to use? Let's use wax paper. I love wax paper, I. couldn't do without it. That and parchment paper. Plop. (laughs) Plop, plop, fizz, fizz. See that dough is still real soft. What you doing, Theresa? - I'm cleaning your mess.. - Okay, thank you. Everybody should be so lucky to have a Theresa and Eddie to help. me keep my mess clean. - I take it you didn't. like all the pumpkin spice? - No, that goes in. A tablespoon goes into icing.. - Oh, awesome. I'm glad you read the directions. (laughs) - Let's see.. (laughs) - [Theresa] Why don't you. add it to the icing too. - It's pretty good. The cookie is not all that sweet. - [Theresa] I like that. - But what's gonna make it sweet is this. There's three cups of powdered sugar and an eight ounce package of cream cheese and a stick of butter. So make sure this is out. all at room temperature so you can beat it nice. and easy, look at that. That feels like two. pounds of cookie dough. All right, while our dough is. chilling in the refrigerator for our pumpkin frosted cookies, I'm gonna go ahead and make the icing but I tell y'all what I. think I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to move to a smaller frame. That frame is so big with my hat on. All right, so you wanna make. sure that your cream cheese and your butter is at room temperature. And you can see how nice and soft this is. So Eddie, this little tool. right here is wonderful. And Michael and I have been using it for our mayonnaise on a sandwich. And it worked so beautiful. And I was just asking Eddie, I said, where did this come from? It just appeared in my kitchen one day. And Eddie remembered. about this precious woman, Joelle Mertzel, she is. the inventor of Butterie. "Please join me in my. mission to spread the word "that butter does not. require refrigeration". I've said it so many times, Joelle, so thank you, thank you, thank you. I'm gonna read this. book to my grandchildren 'cause every 11 of them love butter. They wouldn't be mine if. they didn't love butter. But look at this cute. little card, a gift for you. So it said, hey, Eddie and Paula here's another fun box. of goodies for butter. What do you think? If you ever need a comrade in. arms to talk butter, call me. I'm your gal and probably the only person who's written a book about butter storage. - [Eddie] And that's the picture of it. - Hugs and kisses. Yes, that's the picture.. - Well on the front. - Oh yeah, there it is, big time. And it comes with a knife,. you know, to store it. Cute little container. So thank you so, so much, Joelle. I love this thing right here. So I'm glad because I didn't realize that that came from her,. it was a gift from her. So I love hearing from. y'all and hearing your ideas and just everything that y'all are doing. All right, so we gonna move. on up for our frosting, for our Halloween cookies. And I'm gonna beat up our. cream cheese and butter. And now I'm fixing to add one tablespoon of the pumpkin pie spice. Yeah that's almost a tablespoon. I think it's close enough. So this is just gonna. take a couple of minutes. Now I'm gonna add our powdered sugar, you know kind of in small amounts, so I won't cover myself with it. This is gonna be so good. And I love a cookie, a frosted cookie. There's nothing any better. It's like half cake, half cookie. Perfect. Perfect dough. - [Theresa] Now we'll. just need the cookies, so you can cook 'em,. - Yes. - [Theresa] we can ice them. - Now we gotta make the cookies. All right now I'm not gonna attempt to roll out all that. dough at one time, y'all. And you know, for years. I've got a tablecloth, and I swear I think it was my mother's, maybe it's mine from before. the war, I don't know. But I've always liked to. roll my dough out on that. But having this soap stone,. you know, it's kind of like what is that stuff that. you use for peanut brittle? What kind of slab is that? - It's like marble.. - Marble, yes, marble. You know, this kind of reminds me of that. Now we're gonna roll this dough out to a quarter of an inch thick. - [Theresa] Will that dough freeze well? - Yes, yes, yes.. - (indistinct). - Yes, yes. Which is perfect. You could make all this up ahead of time and you wouldn't have. to waste all your time. Now y'all tell me when it looks like a fourth of an inch thick, 'cause you know, I lost. my distance in this eye. - [Eddie] It's pretty thick on this side. - Yeah, it's still thick.. - Okay, on this side? - This side.. - This side? This side?. - Yes, all of it is what we're. - [Paula] All right, how about this side? - [Theresa] Keep coming,. no come closer to Eddie. - Closer to Eddie.. - Yeah. Like all of this right there. Think that's pretty good, Eddie? - All right, let's go this a-way. - [Theresa] If you got too much, it's gonna start falling apart. - Yeah, it's gonna start spreading. All right. Thank y'all, thank you very. much, thank you very much. (laughs) Okay I got this thin over here, y'all. I got that real thin. All right, so now when you go. to cutting out your cookies, you wanna make sure that you are as wise with your dough as you can be. That's not bad, is it, y'all?. - No, it's good. - That's the thick end.. (laughs) Now what I don't use, I'll roll back up. Put it in the refrigerator,. let it harden up again. See, you just don't wanna. waste any more of your dough than you can possibly help. All right we're gonna bake these. about 10 minutes, probably, I think.. - Yeah, 350 for eight to 10 minutes. - Okay and I'm gonna put our. dough back in the refrigerator, 'cause that's very, very,. very, very, very important that that stays chilled. Almost to the fun part. And you know what part I'm. talking about, don't you? The eating part. Now we frosting them with our. spice, our pumpkin pie spice. Ooh and they look delicious. And let's get a little. frosting on that stem. And now, let's see. Yeah. Now we, oh no.. (laughs) Now we're gonna sprinkle him orange and we're gonna sprinkle his stem, oops, black with licorice. How's that kiddies? I like it, I like it a lot. - Olivia would love it.. - Olivia would adore this. Let me see your pictures.. (laughs) Oh, you know what we could do? We could even give our pumpkins eyes. Uh oh, he looks kind of. cross eyed, doesn't he? (laughs) Get that eye back over there, pumpkin, now that looks better. Look, Theresa. It's so cute. - [Theresa] Aw, that's adorable. - Isn't that adorable?. (laughs) Happy Halloween! We just need to figure out how to give him a pretty little mouth. - [Theresa] I'm not. ever trying that again. - We need some licorice, some red licorice.. - Oh, that is what we need. - Let me see, y'alls. Happy Halloween!