- Hey all, is Jamie Dean and I'm in mama's kitchen. And it's almost Thanksgiving. So Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday of the year by the way, because Scottish football and there's lots of family, and there's lots of food. I've got family all. through the house today, my great greats here,. my cousin Carl is here. Everybody's coming together around the table this time of year, especially here at momma's house. It is so good, and one of the staples that we have every year is a pumpkin pie. So that's what we're. gonna do for you today. So if you don't have anything else to do, you go buy yourself and all your things that you need, make yourself a pie dough. Or you just go buy one from the freezer, poke it and cook it, which is what I do. But there are lots of beautiful ways that you could dress up a pie. If you wanna go pinch and fold, and if you wanna make your own, please do. We're so busy around here I barely have time to. go to the grocery store to buy the frozen one, to get my pie in the oven. So that's what I've done today, we've got our pie crust. has been pre-baked off and it's ready to go. And here is the filling, this is a really easy recipe. I always say that, but for the most part, our recipes that we do. here are fairly easy 'cause everybody is busy. We got eight-ounce package. of cream cheese here and I'm just gonna soften up with my hand mixer a little bit (blender whirring) just to get it a little mix-ey. (blender whirring) Okay, just real quick lightly. Into this we gonna add our pumpkin, get me a good tool to work with here. What we have here is two cups of mashed canned pumpkin. So we're gonna add our pumpkin into our cream cheese. This is good enough for. me to eat just this way, I love cream cheese and pumpkin. We're gonna whip this together. (blender whirring) Okay y'all, I'm gonna turn this back down. Now to this am gonna add our sugar, this is 1 cup of granulated sugar. (blender whirring) We also gonna beat in a little bit of salt. This is about a good pinch, a little bit of pepper got in there too. That's about a quarter. of a teaspoon of salt. And we're also gonna mix in, follow me here now, I got three eggs, one whole egg and then two egg yolks. Okay, so three yolks, one whole egg, two egg yolks. (blender whirring) We're also gonna add one. cup of half and half. (blender whirring) we have a quarter of a. cup of melted butter. (blender whirring) I'm gon mix this up before. we put our spices in. (blender whirring) All right, I've got all. this stuff combined, so let's add some of our flavors in here. This is a half of a. teaspoon of ground ginger. This is, no I'm sorry, that's a quarter of a teaspoon of ginger. This is a half a teaspoon. of our fresh cinnamon, and then we're gonna add. one teaspoon of vanilla. Alright, one more time around. the band with the mixer. (blender whirring) All right, now we're gonna pour this carefully into, how do I release this? We're gon be be all right, let me do this It can drip in there. We're gonna pour this into our pie flan. And I've got some filling left over, you know what I might do? Is take this extra that I have and put it in a little muffin tin, and do some little pumpkin muffins and that sound good. Ooh, I just tasted that and even though it's got raw eggs in it, it is 1000% delicious. I got my oven on 350, this is gonna bake for about 50 minutes. And soon I'm gonna be eating pumpkin pie, this is amazing. Y'all stick around. Mmmhh. All right Joe, our pie is out of the oven. You know, I wound up I had so much Pie filling leftover that Theresa and I put. an extra pie in the oven. Extra pie, how awesome is that? Now all we have to do is wait patiently for this to cool. Probably only about 15. or 20 minutes, I guess. We just sit here and. wait for this to cool. Let me grab a fork and let's just see what's. happening down in here, I ain't waiting 15 minutes. Maybe nobody won't notice.. (giggles) Oh, I'm gonna burn my. face off again I can tell. - [Theresa] Looks good.. - [Jamie] I know it. Should I try to cut a piece?. - [Theresa] Nah. - ohh all right, It is so hot y'all. Every time. Mmmmh. - [Theresa] And yet you go in again. - [Jamie] Gosh, it's like a pumpkin fluff. - [Theresa] Add some whipped cream? - The half and half with a pumpkin, the spices y'all. I could probably almost cut this but I'm gonna let it cool or just let me, here's a knife. I hate to leave it looking so ugly. Look and instead of making a cut where only one piece was ugly, I cut it where two. pieces are gonna be ugly. Not really thinking straight when I got pumpkin on the brain well. - [Theresa] We do recommend that you let it cool. - [Jamie] You are gonna. have to let this cool. But when you're cooking food in the house, I always say, if you ain't. selling it, who cares? This pie is fantastic. Although I did cut it too soon, it tastes delicious. You'll be thankful that. you have this pumpkin pie at your table this Thanksgiving. Appreciate y'all tuning in, I'll see you all around the kitchen.