- I can't hardly believe it, friends, but it is time to start. making Christmas cookies. I'm doing them a little. earlier than normal so y'all can have the recipes and get yourself ready for Christmas. I've reached out to y'all and asked if y'all would share your favorite Christmas. cookie recipes with me. I thank y'all, because y'all. really came through for me. Means so much. The first recipe that I'm gonna do today is from Elizabeth Holler. She said, "I'm a longtime fan, and I saw your request, so I'm sending you our favorite. Christmas cookie recipe." She said her great Aunt Isa made these, she remembers, probably the. first time 50 years ago, and she said every time she makes 'em, she thinks of Aunt Isa. So it's real, real simple. It's a very simple recipe, but it sounds so very good. I have one cup of solid shortening. I choose to use the butter flavor. Then I've got one 8-ounce. package of cream cheese. Now I'm gonna beat these two together. I'm gonna cream those, and then I'll be back. with you in a second. I beat up my cream. cheese and my shortening. Now I'm gonna add my sugar, and that is one cup. I'm gonna beat that until. it's nice and creamy. To my bowl, I'm gonna add two egg yolks, and that's gonna make it rich, rich, rich. Then after I get this cream together, I'm gonna be adding my two. cups of all-purpose flour with a half a teaspoon. of salt added to it. (mixer whirs) Now I'm gonna add two. teaspoons of vanilla. Vanilla extract. No imitation. - [Teresa] Do you need more? - Perfect. No, that's perfect, Teresa. Thank you. Alright. Now I'm just gonna bring the sides down so we get all that incorporated. Delicious. I love a cookie. - [Teresa] I love cookie dough. - Stick 'em up. (Paula laughs) (mixer whirs) Okay, y'all, Elizabeth said to drop these by the teaspoonful rather than with an ice cream scoop or a butter scoop. So that's what I'm gonna do. She said it just makes a prettier finish if you do it with a teaspoonful. Then we're gonna put 'em in the oven and we're gonna bake. 'em for 10 to 12 minutes at 350 degrees. Beautiful batter. Time to go in the oven. Look at that. See, I got two more extra. cookies out of that, Teresa. - [Teresa] I know. Gosh forbid you leave any in there for someone to have some. cookie dough at the end. (Paula laughs) - I don't think about people wanting to eat the cookie dough. Alright. In the oven, 350, preheated, for 10 to 12 minutes. Thank you, Elizabeth. Okay, it is time to finish up Elizabeth cream cheese cookies. It calls for an icing. Elizabeth said when they cool, just frost with your. favorite buttercream recipe. She said, "I use..." This is what Elizabeth uses. So we did exactly the way she does it. We used a stick and a half of butter at room temperature and we mixed it with four. cups of confectioner sugar and two teaspoons of vanilla. We are gonna... Look, it's Christmas time. When you start pulling. out all of this stuff, it's Christmas time. I love going in. This is just a little. piece of them, y'all. Alright. So what are we gonna do here? Should we dye this all? Because I'm gonna do 'em with sprinkles. Definitely, I'm gonna. do 'em with sprinkles. Alright. I'm gonna need a cookie sheet. So I can, so I can catch all those little jimmies that we're gonna be putting on it. Whoa. Watch it, sister. So let's see. Let's do it like this first and then we'll make our decision. You know I love me a frosted cookie. So good with a cup of coffee in the morning. Whoa. - [Teresa] You need help frosting? - Oh, I would just love your help, Teresa. (Paula laughs) No, I wanna do every. one of these by myself. (Paula laughs) One Christmas cookie. So what do you think? Should I add some color to the.. - Well, then you're limited on what colors you can put on your... - I know it, but you know what? I don't think I can resist doing a little purple because Meli loves purple. So I may just scoop out a little. I think my other grandchildren. don't have a preference, just as long as it's sweet. Alright, I've made up a little purple, which is not really Christmasy, but I just happen to know that. that's Meli's favorite color. She loves to wear purple. She loves to eat purple. Now, what color should. we put on with a purple? Maybe the Mardi Gras colors, purple and green. Oh, yeah. I think maybe the pearls, Eddie. You think? - [Eddie] The little... Yeah, the little ones. - [Paula] And look, I'm not stirring that purple in completely good, so I'll have a little, you. know, like a two-tone color. So we decided on the pearls, right? These look like something you would tell your children. not to put in their mouth. Well, doesn't it? Those are awfully pretty. Elizabeth, we all appreciate you sharing your Christmas. cookie recipe with us. They're delicious. Eddie, Eddie likes his without the frosting. He said the flavor is so good just naked. Now does that mean you naked, Eddie? Or the cookie? (Paula laughs) - [Teresa] Don't make him. blush from behind the camera. - [Eddie] I guess I'd. eat 'em naked, I guess. (Paula laughs) - Eddie's so shy and so reserved. Don't you just feel sorry for him, having to spend 24/7 with me? (Paula laughs) So thank you, honey. Look, I just did all kinds, all colors. And y'all remember now, every Christmas I do 12. 12 days of cookies. So y'all are gonna be getting 12 recipes from other folks that we gonna share with. y'all at Christmas time. - [Teresa] And if some people didn't send theirs in this year, please send them in now. - Yes. - So we have them for next year. - [Paula] Yes. Yes. - 'Cause we love, I mean, people have great recipes. - Yeah. And I just love.. - [Teresa] They're treasures. - I just love seeing what other people do. So thank you, Elizabeth. You do good, girl. You do real good.