- Hey, y'all come on in, because it's Valentine's in my mind, especially for the next few days. I'm gonna be wearing my Valentine shirt, with my hearts on it. I've already got messed up. Only wear this once a year,. so this is that time of year. Now, I'm going to share with y'all, which is something that. I think's so much fun, especially for Valentines. If you're sitting across. from your significant other, your husband, your wife, your girlfriend, your grandchildren, whomever, you're sharing this with,. it's just so much fun. And it became a big thing,. I remember, in 1966 and '67. It was all about fondues, and there's different kinds. of fondues that you can do. You can do the sweet, or. you can do the savory. I know my oldest grandson. Jack loves, loves fondue, and there's a place here in town, right? That- - [Teresa] Yes, ma'am. - You fondue at your table. - [Teresa] The Melting Pot. - The Melting Pot. That's a good name for it, isn't it? - [Eddie] That is one of Jack's- - It is one of Jack's favorite places. And so today I'm gonna. share with y'all an easy, easy way to do the chocolate fondue. So I've got one cup of heavy. cream, and I'm gonna pour it into my pan, and y'all, I've just got to say for a second, this is my newest set of pots and pans, and I just love them. They, I insisted that they all had a pour spout, because it's so aggravating to have a solid, perfectly round pot, and you're trying to pour. it into a small space. So this is one of the things- uh-oh. This is one of the things. that I insisted on, if we could do it, was. making those pour spouts. Now, I've just poured one cup. of heavy cream into my pot. Oh, and I didn't tell you. where you could get these if you're interested, if. you need a new set of pots and pans at a reasonable price. These are good ones, and you can see, I asked for a dimpled. pattern, which to me, that doesn't show as many. scratches and wear and tear as a solid does, but you. can go to the Amazon store, Paula Deen, and find these, and they're in all of our gift stores. If y'all are visiting one of Paula Deen's Family. Kitchen Restaurants, you can find 'em there, and they come in all different colors. For my kitchen preference, I use, I like the silver and the blue, and the blue cookware is the color of my air fryer over there, so. Anyway, back to this, I'm heating up one cup. of heavy whipping cream. Now, we don't want this to boil. We're not gonna bring it to a boil, so it'll take a few minutes, because I've got it on low heat. And then we're gonna add milk chocolate, because I love and adore milk chocolate. So to that, we're gonna add. two teaspoons of Grand Marnier, and this is gonna give it. the nicest orange flavor. And I have here fresh strawberries that have been washed and dried. I have pound cake, little. bites of pound cake, or you could do a cookie,. whatever you happen to have. And I love the pineapple. I'm gonna watch this closely, because I don't want it to boil. So fonduing is just that easy, and it's a very interactive. way to have dessert, or even have a meal. Michael and I both like. the ones where you make a broth, and put your meat. in 'em, cook your meat in it. Those are good too. And sauces, you know? You gotta have some good, good sauces. And I hope to be sharing. some recipes with y'all soon for tips on fonduing, because one of the ladies that works, and actually does the editing and works, she leads up our social. media part of the company, and they are big fonduers. She said her father-in-law has got an A-plus on fonduing skills. So I said, "Okay, you. tell your father-in-law," bless you, "to send some good tips." All right, y'all well, this. is kind of starting to smoke a little bit, so I'm. gonna go ahead and add our milk chocolate, and. I suggest that you chop your chocolate, because. it'll melt quicker, and more uniform. So I'm gonna stir this constantly to keep it from coming to a boil. And then I'll lower the. temperature even more, because after we get. this all mixed together, we're gonna put it in our fondue pot, and we're gonna break some. bread together, aren't we? - I'm gonna turn this to warm. - Please do. - Just so it will be ready. - Please do, please. - And the nice thing is on. the fondue pot, it tells you. Your chocolate, you warm to 200. - Oh, that's good. - Cheese goes higher. - Okay, it's starting to come together, and that chocolate is. melting and blended in to that heavy cream. Love milk chocolate. Love it, love it, love it. All right, so how long does. it take for that to get warm? - [Teresa] Oh, I think it'll. be fine once you're ready. - Well, I'm gonna go ahead and add the liqueur, and it calls for two teaspoons. Three teaspoons equals a tablespoon, so I'm gonna use a tablespoon,. and just go, not quite to the top, so that's. equal out to two teaspoons. - [Teresa] It's al ready for you. - It is ready? Well, this is really for you. So, now, normally we would plug this in where we were gonna sit and eat, so everybody could reach it. Whoa! Did you hear that sizzling, Teresa? Is this your fondue at your house, or is it one you brought for- - [Teresa] I got that for this one. I did used to have fondue pots. - I used to have one too. - [Teresa] I'm like Jack. I used to go to a fondue restaurant for my birthday every year. - Really? - [Eddie] I've never been. (overlapping chatter) - We'll have to go get,. pick up Jack one night, and get him to teach us the ropes, Eddie. - [Eddie] Yeah. - [Teresa] I'm coming. - All right, so here is the. things that we've selected to dip into our fondue. And your fondue pots. come with your skewers. That's hard to say. And each of them are a. different color on the end, and we need to use this, especially today, with different viruses running around. So you know your color, and. you don't use anybody else's but the one you're supposed to be using, which is your color. All right, because I'm wearing red, I'm gonna pick the red one. What color do you want? - [Teresa] I'm going with pink. - Okay. - [Teresa] Ooh, look, it's bubbling. You might want to turn it down. Great day! That pot works-. - I'm gonna turn it off. Eddie, you're white. - [Eddie] Or red. - [Teresa] He just took your red. - [Eddie] Oh, you're red. - Oh. (laughing) - [Eddie] Or is it, I dunno what I want. - [Paula] Oh, you don't want white. Okay.. - [Eddie] I want green. (Eddie laughing) - [Teresa] I tried to pick. Valentine's Day colors in here. He goes off on his own. (Eddie and Paula laughing) - All right, y'all, there's a good chance that you're gonna be having. to turn this off and on, 'cause you don't want it to boil, unless you're doing the savory, and then you want that broth good and hot so it won't literally fly, (chuckles) fry your food. That's tough to say all those F's. So I'm gonna start with pineapple. What would y'all like? - [Teresa] I'm gonna do poundcake. - [Paula] Mm oh, ooh. So I'd love to hear from. y'all about fonduing. Do y'all still fondue? Is it big in your family? And what is your favorite thing to fondue? I'm so curious. - [Teresa] They do all kinds of flavors. - [Paula] Mm. - [Teresa] Mm. - [Paula] Mm. All right, so now I'm. gonna try the pound cake, and the beauty of this. is you don't have to make your own cake. They make these little frozen. loaf pans of pound cake, and those are great to keep in the freezer to use on the fly, although something that. I love to do, if I see, I bake a poundcake, and. it's not gonna get red, it's not gonna get eaten right away, I'll wrap it up in maybe. two slices at the time, and put it in the freezer. - [Teresa] Mm. - So if you do things like that- What do I want now? What are y'all gonna have next? I'm gonna go with this strawberry. - [Teresa] And you can do bananas. (overlapping chatter) - Uh-oh. - [Teresa] You can do brownie pieces. - Yes, there's so many things. That's why I'm asking. people out there, you know? People out there, they've. got such great imaginations, and I'd love to hear from. y'all, 'cause I'm curious. Chocolate and strawberries. just go together, don't they? So happy Valentine's Day. Whoever you're sharing it. with, I hope they love it. - [Teresa] Mm. - Mm, mm.