- Y'all, I wouldn't drink buttermilk if you gave me a hundred dollar bill, but I will drink it in ranch dressing (giggling) and buttermilk pie. That's the recipe I'm. gonna share with you today. And the first thing we wanna do is, we're gonna use a refrigerated pie crust because they're so good, and I don't know if y'all have ever seen the Paula Deen cutting. board like this one, but this this is like my favorite. My favorite. Excuse me, I can't think and. chew gum at the same time. This is my favorite,. favorite board that I have. Now what'd I do with my- - [Eddie] It's over there. - Rolling pin. - [Eddie] Over on the counter. - [Teresa] It's right here. - Thank you. - [Teresa] You're welcome. - All right. So on my board you can see that this is, makes an eight. inch pie just like this. And then the line for a nine. inch pie is right there. And our recipe tells us to. roll it to a 10 inch pie. So we'll have enough to. turn under and crimp it. So here we go. We're gonna get that out to. that, that biggest circle. All right y'all, I've got. my crust to a 10 inch, 10 inch round circle. Now I'm gonna put this in my pie plate. And see, this is why I asked for you to roll it out because that's gonna leave us enough dough to turn this over and make a nice big crust. So when you cut into that pie, we'll have something to cut into. So just go round and round. and tuck your crust in. Then you can make it. pretty any way you want to. And you know what? Some of the best pies. and cakes ain't pretty but they take- uh oh! Got a little over ambitious with that one. The hardest thing is getting. your dough in there completely. Completely perfect. So you'll have that dough. about the same amount all the way around. So there you go. Once you get it in there, then you decide, you know, how you want to do it. The fork, the fork is definitely the easiest. But sometimes I'll do it just. like I'm doing right now. Just take my fingers and pinch it. Just like that. All right, so now I am going to fork it. Teresa, would you get me out a piece of parchment paper please, dear? And my beads You know where the beads are? They're over there in the baking center. Thanks- Oops! I didn't realize I was so strong today. Wow. Wow I just snatched. that puppy right on out. And I don't too much care. 'cause as long as it tastes good that's all that matters to me. So I'm gonna prick the sides because there's no way that we can put weights on the side. So we're just gonna have to rely on, I just got that crust in. that pan uneven, Eddie. You see what I did? - [Eddie] That side's a little higher. - Uh huh. But it will be so good. - [Eddie] Buttermilk pie's. kind of rustic, that's okay. - Yeah. Buttermilk pie is not one of those fancy fancy desserts. All right, I'm gonna. press those beads down. These are like ceramic, a ceramic bead. Now when I don't have, there was a time where I. didn't have any of this stuff. So I just used dried black. eye peas to weight it down. And that should be plenty. - [Teresa] Is that going in the oven? - It's going in the oven, sister! - [Teresa] So I think we. cook it what, for 15 minutes? - Let's see what my notes say. Pre heat oven to 425. That's a pretty hot oven. Bake on lower rack of. the oven for 10 minutes. And then we're going to. carefully remove the weights, I'll have to bring the pie back in here, and we gonna let it cool on a wire rack for about 15 minutes. - [Teresa] Before we start the filling. - Y'all, Eddie just walked in the kitchen bringing a package that was. just delivered to our house from my buddy and Eddie's. buddy, Allison Waggoner hey darling, how are you? Thank you so much. We talked to Allison the other day, and she said, be on the. lookout for a package because I'm sending you and Eddie a little goody, little goody box. If you're not familiar. with Waggoner's chocolates, her family has been in. the chocolate business for a hundred years and their chocolate is so good. So I'm gonna munch on. the rest of my turtle while I show y'all the. ingredients that go inside that pitiful looking pie. I just put in the oven. Okay, got a cup and a half of sugar, melted butter, I'll go ahead. and put that in right now. Now let's see, is this,. this is pumpkin pie spice Right, Teresa? - [Teresa] Yes ma'am. - Yes. - [Teresa] These are all for Thanksgiving. - It sounds like Thanksgiving, doesn't it. I think we all just. associate pumpkins and- - [Teresa] But you said you normally do it with cinnamon, right? So if you didn't want the pumpkin flavor you could do a cinnamon. Oh yeah, yeah. You can substitute, you. know, whatever you like. But, here's the deal. This spiced buttermilk pie is in my Southern baking cookbook. In fact, you can get it right here, if you are in the market. for a baking book. To me it is the best baking book. If you're a baker, it'd. make a wonderful gift to yourself or to somebody else. But anyway, this one. also has a topping on it where most buttermilk pies, you know, they're just like an egg. custard pie, you know? No toppings, but- - [Teresa] We're making this fancy. - Yeah. Yeah. I can't wait to show y'all the topping. All right, so now I'm gonna add my flour. Another bite of turtle. (laughing) - [Teresa] Most important thing. (whisking) - The recipe calls for half a. teaspoon of vanilla flavoring, but I don't think I've. ever in my whole life used a half a teaspoon of vanilla. I just love it. (whisking) (phone ringing) Now, whose phone is that? Is that yours, Teresa? - [Teresa] That would be mine. - Well, tell them we don't want any - [Teresa] It's the town. - Oh, ha ha! We do want some! Now I'm adding my buttermilk. (whisking) And last but not least,. I'm gonna add one more bite Got two out of that one. Allison Waggoner thank you so much. Allison was my first. hostess when it was Evine? - [Eddie] Right. - And then they changed. the name to Shop HQ? - [Eddie] Shop HQ, right. And now she is with- - the Beakman Brothers, right? - [Eddie] Beakman Boys. - Beakman Boys. They're not. brothers, they're partners. I'm adding my salt. So she does a great job at Beakman Boys. So I hope you're doing well. I'm fine as frogs fair now,. having eaten my turtle. I'm just gonna beat these up a little bit. (whisking) All right, now I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna have to let my pie crust cool for about 15 minutes. - [Teresa] I just took it out the oven. - Okay, good. - [Teresa] And removed the beads - Good. - [Teresa] So now it seems- - Doesn't have any humps in it does it? The pie crust. - [Teresa] What now? - Did it have any humps or. bubbles in the pie crust - [Teresa] It does not. - And when you remove the beads, y'all, just remember they're hot as a $3 pistol. So you don't wanna burn yourself when you're taking out. that parchment paper. So 15 minutes, I'll be putting this in and then I'll share. the topping with y'all. Look at my kind of pitiful pie crust. But that's all right.. That's where I tore it. I'm covered it with filling. All right, so this is. our buttermilk filling, and I'm just gonna pour. that into our crust. See, it'll almost cover. the little ugly spots. You know, that's the thing about food. Kinda like people, you know,. if I choose to love you, I just love your warts and all. And that's a wart! I mean, I'm scraping you. Drop out and make it. come up as high as I can. Yum yum. Okay, Miss Teresa, ma'am. - We're gonna put it in an oven for 20 to 25 minutes until set. - Uh huh, okay. Now, while our buttermilk. pie is baking, y'all, I'm gonna go ahead and make the topping because this will go into the refrigerator until I'm ready to serve the first slice. And then I'll put a nice fat. dollop of this topping on it. Now to make our topping,. I've got 3/4 a cup of heavy whipping cream. I've got a fourth of a cup of buttermilk. I've got, oh gosh, what was that, a fourth of a cup of confectioners sugar, a dash of salt, half a teaspoon of vanilla, and I've got my ground nutmeg. I cannot, I hadn't seen my. fresh nutmeg since we moved so I don't know where in. the heck it got off too. 'Cause I love fresh grated nutmeg. It's just wonderful. But I'm gonna be using ground on this. All right. Now I'm just gonna beat these until they're nice and kind of stiff. So you just need to beat. your topping ingredients until it forms soft peaks. And then, like I said,. we're gonna put it on as we serve the pie. I don't wanna put this on the. whole pie like a meringue. And this will last up to three. days in the refrigerator. So if it takes you three days. to eat your buttermilk pie, your topping is good to go. So as I was putting our. topping in the refrigerator, I said, I remember using. a little more sugar, than what the chopping calls for. So I decided I'm coming back with it and gonna add a little bit more sugar. 'Cause that buttermilk. gives it a real tart flavor. And I wanna make sure the sweet comes. So I've probably added. maybe three tablespoons of white granulated sugar to it. And to me that's perfect for my pallet, or the other way, it. was still a little tart and I remember increasing. that sugar on that pie. But there you go. And it's not gonna get as. stiff as whipped cream, if you were just beating. cream and sugar together. You know, it get so stiff, it'll. almost turn back to butter. I have beat it where it. turned back to butter and I just added some salt. to it and used it as butter. But to me it's perfect this way. I've stood it as long as I can y'all to taste this spiced buttermilk pie. So I can't stand it. It's not completely cooled, but, you know, if it if it spreads out, it's just gonna have to spread out. Cause there's three of us waiting to taste this pie. - [Teresa] And the only one. that has patience is Eddie. - Yep, he is. He's the only one with any patience. All right, here we go. Can't do this- oo! Uh huh. And I love the way it. comes to like a crusty top. Now this is our topping for it. - [Eddie] That looks like. it has a custard base. - I know. That's that. little nutmeg to go on it. It could stand to get a little bit cooler. Now I certainly wouldn't top. this pie with this topping. I would dollop up each. piece as you cut a piece. And also the directions. tell you for your topping to just put everything. in the bowl and beat it. I would recommend, highly recommend, that you beat your heavy. cream first until it's firm. And then add your other ingredients. Because otherwise it's gonna. be hard to get it stiff. So. I think I do need a fork. It looks so good. I just adore buttermilk pie. Oh, and that topping, it's. just kind of different. Mm. I just love buttermilk pie. It's delicious, y'all. Y'all got to come cut your piece. It's so good, and it feels. like I need to turn around and see my turkey sitting back there. Cause it just tastes like Thanksgiving. I need a moment, y'all. Love and best wishes!