- There is certain candies. or cookie-like things that you have to have at Christmas. You know that Theresa, don't you? - [Theresa] Mm hmm. - And my cousin, Don, well, before COVID. Now this will be the first Christmas that we're going to celebrate, like a normal Christmas, in two year, two Christmases. Has it been, I know last year, you know, I didn't see or do anything, but Christmas is going. to be as close to normal as I can get it this year. And cousin Don and his wife, Darlene, would always come spend Christmas with us and stay two or three weeks. Well, they're coming again and Don's going to be here on Friday and they have bought them a RV (laughs) So my cousin is somewhere out on the highway driving this RV. And let me go ahead and apologize for him because he'll stop, stop, stop, stop, go. (laughs) That would be my cousin out there. If you see something like that going on in an RV. But he's going to get here Friday and I'm going to work. his little fanny off. I'm going to have him shooting. some old videos with me and just busy, busy in this kitchen. So I can't wait for them to get here. And he always makes this. crack candy every Christmas. - [Theresa] So, see,. you'll have some for him when he gets here. - Yes, I will have some. ready for him to eat and he'll be most proud. So, you know, this, and I'm sure you probably had this recipe at some point because it's so dadgum easy. I want it to be called redneck candy. (laughs) Shouldn't it? - [Theresa] It's so good. - It is so, so good. I'm going to start with. two sticks of butter, getting those melted. And the base to our cookie candy. You know, to me it's not a cookie and it's not really a candy, it's kind of a candy cookie. - [Theresa] Anything with (indistinct). - Yeah, you know, kind of. - [Theresa] It's kind of. like a toffee, really . - Yes, kind of, well, it's got toffee in it. So, first you start with saltine crackers which makes for such an easy, easy cookie. And we're going to use. one and a half sleeves. I'm going to take out the broken ones and we're using a parchment paper. Now, if you don't, if you don't want to use parchment paper, you don't have to, you would just want to. spray your pan real good and go line up our saltines just like this. Like I said, I'm taking. out the broken ones. - [Theresa] I'm going. to turn on the stove, if that's okay? - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, we can start that melting. Yeah, so we really don't. want to cook anything. Once we add the brown sugar, Theresa, just needs to kind of cook for about three minutes. Is that mounted enough? - That's up to you. - All right, yeah. As long as we can mix that brown sugar in with it. So I'm gonna add these. crackers back to that sleeve because that'll be wonderful on top of it. I think, didn't Michael. make some split pea soup. He'd love that on top of the soup he made. Okay, so. - It's almost melted. - Yeah we're going to let that cook for just a few minutes. Let me see what you, you turned it down, didn't you? Or did you turn it up? Anyway, that's good. So, over here, we have one cup of milk chocolate. We have one cup of tiny more so semi-sweet chocolate. And then we've got a cup of toffee. And you find this in your baking section. And this toffee also comes within a chocolate coated toffee. And if that's all you can find, that's fine to use, it really doesn't matter. All righty, Theresa. - [Theresa] I'm going. to let you take over. - Thank you, thank you. - [Theresa] I just didn't want it to burn. - I don't want it to burn either. So, those of you out, out in, what would that be called? Cyber land? Or computer land? How would we refer to our friends that we can't meet face to face yet? Social media land? - [Theresa] Video world? - Yeah, video world. I knew I was looking for. something like that, Theresa, and I knew you'd come up with it. If y'all have never made this and you make another kind of candy, share the recipe with me because I have so much fun sharing. People out there in social media land, when y'all send me your recipes. - [Theresa] We've gotten amazing recipes. - I know, I know. - [Theresa] It's crazy. - And it's just wonderful when y'all share with us. People enjoy those. - [Theresa] Well candy. is such a great thing because it can be a gift. - Yes. - [Theresa] A giftable. - Absolutely - [Theresa] You can take. it to a cookie swap. - Uh huh, yeah a cookie swap or just anybody, your Sunday school teacher, the children's teacher, it just makes a nice little gift. And you can go out and find, go to yard sales, and find some pretty jars and put a ribbon on those and decorate them up. And so they have something. they can keep too. Okay. This just looks delicious. You know, my mother, always made divinity at Christmas time, always. And she made the most delicious, beautiful divinity that I've ever seen. And, you know, I've got mama's recipe, but I just, they'll never come out like mama's. Hers looked like an ice, a perfect ice-cream cone topping. And so, so good. I may try making some divinity, this, this Christmas, Eddy. - [Eddy] You've never done that. - You know, it takes two people, it takes two people, because you have to pour that hot syrup very, very slowly into a fine stream. And then once your divinity gets ready, it'll lose it's shine that quick. And you have dip, dip, dip. Okay, this has got a light boil to it. Let me see. Can you get down in there, Eddy? Can you, can you see in that pot? Yeah. So after it starts boiling, you want to let it boil for about three minutes. Just make sure everything is incorporated well. Okay, I think it's been. about three minutes, I bet you, Eddy, since it first started boiling. Turn that off. Oh, and you know what we need to do? I need to heat the oven. Preheat the oven. All right, so, I'm just using a ladle because it'll give me a. little bit more control over where my hot syrup is going. - [Eddy] You know what I discovered, I think you got a little leak in that now. We're going to have to plug, plug that. - What? - [Eddy] Your ladle. - No. - [Eddy] I think the tin has worn out in a section. - No. - [Eddy] Yeah. - No, that can't be, that can't be. Oh, I bought this, Eddy, I'm sure, from a yard sale and I just adore it. All right, now I'm going, I'm just going to take my spoon and spread that hot syrup over everything. Just like that. Oh, that syrup is very, very hot. So handle that with care, y'all. You want to do this kind of gently because it will move your crackers around. Now I thought you were telling me I had a hole in this pan and I was going to say oh my gosh, that's awful. - [Eddy] No, when I was. washing it the other night, I had filled it up with water because I think there. was pea soup in there. - Yeah. (laughs) - [Eddy] And I, when I was holding it up, water was, like, squirting out of that. - Oh no, no. Okay, that's pretty well distributed. Looks pretty good to me. All right, so we're going to put. this in the oven, y'all, 350 preheated, 350. And we're going to let it cook for three to five minutes. So it's been maybe four minutes and it looks like our. oven might be working. I hope, I hope, I hope. So, the caramel has. melted a little bit more, I'm gonna see if I can get it, spread it out. Now we want to do this. fairly quickly, y'all, because, all right, I'm going to turn our stove off and we're going to set these back in here, in the oven for a few minutes and let the leftover heat just melt all of our chocolate and our toffee and our nuts and everything. That looks very uneven but I'll make it up with this bowl. I do love milk chocolate though. And that bowl is milk chocolate. In fact, I think normally, I use just milk chocolate. (cat meows) What, pumpkin? What, pumpkin? Okay. Next with the toffee, - [Theresa] Hmm. which the toffee just brings. it right on over the top. - [Theresa] I forget how easy this is. - It's so easy. Right, does it look like. I'm getting it even? - [Theresa] Maybe some. like right in that area, like kinda of the center. - Oh, right there. Eyes are not what they use to be. Maybe right there? - [Theresa] I'd put a. little bit more, like, right in here. - Okay, right there. - [Theresa] There you go, mm hmm. - All right, now, to me, this is the best part, the nuts. I am a nut lover. And it's so hard to. believe people, that, say - [Theresa] Well, think about. people that are allergic. - Yeah. - [Theresa] I mean, that. would be a terrible. - Yeah, but, you know, when they tell me now don't put any nuts in. the cream cheese icing. - [Theresa] What? (laughs) What, are you serious? - Does that look pretty even, Theresa? - [Theresa] Yes, ma'am. - Good. All right, so, back in the oven these go. The oven's been turned off. We don't need it to cook, we just need to melt. There we go, three minutes. Mm mm mm. So that was three minutes, y'all. And they will cut easier if you cut them while they're warm. And I would try to cut them the size of the saltine, like that. Now where can I, where can I find that other saltine. It's hard to tell. - [Theresa] I know all that butter melts into those saltines. - It just melts into it. All right, I got out one cracker. (laughs) Heavenly days, y'all. The salty from the saltine crackers with the sweet, so good. Yeah, you'd think you could tell. - [Theresa] I have to be honest, the time that I think I made this, which has been, I didn't, I let it cool off. - Yeah. - [Theresa] And then it kind of broke up. - Yeah, Yeah. - [Theresa] It may not have. broken up beautifully into, but it broke up like pieces of candy. - Right. - [Theresa] Like crack candy. - Yeah. (laughs) So I think you get the gist or as Aunt Peggy said. I got so (indistinct) at her one day. Oh, and if Michael was here, he'd laugh all over again too, because he was there when she said it. Oh, you get the zest. (laughs) I love you, Aunt Peggy. Eddy and I just got back from Albany. I went to Albany, Indiana book signing at Anne's garden shop. And it's, you know, Theresa, that was the first book. signing I've done since COVID. - [Theresa] I know. - And it was a huge turnout, huge turnout. - [Theresa] I bet Anne was, did Anne know what to do with herself. - She was running around, honey, working her head off. - [Theresa] I don't. think people ever realize how many people are. really going to show up. - Well, you, you don't ever know. - [Theresa] I've learned. - Okay. I'm thinking she'd show up, right here, at this crack party. - [Theresa] I can tell. - Delicious. Would you like some crack? - [Theresa] I sure would. - Your family is going to love it. Or whoever you share it with, they going to love it. Merry Christmas.