Today I am super excited to be participating. in KIN Community's New Year, New You Collaboration! Now for this collaboration dozens of YouTubers. have gotten together to post a new video every day through January with tips and tricks for. making 2015 your best year yet. For my part in this collaboration I'm sharing one of my. very favorite recipes that is perfect for #MeatlessMonday. Now this year I am really. concentrating on trying to eat less meat, and participating in #MeatlessMonday is a. great way to do that. It's good for the environment, it's good for your wallet and it's certainly. great for your health. Today I'm going to share with you my recipe for my delicious. black bean soup, and the coolest part is it all cooks up in your slow cooker so it's super. simple, you can just set it and forget it. For this beautiful soup I'm going to get started. with some red onion some celery and some diced red bell pepper. Now you have two options. here you can either dump these veggies straight into your slow cooker, that will totally work,. or if you want to get a deeper flavor you can saute them first on the stove, that's. what I'm going to do today. So I've just got some oil heating up in a frying pan and to. that I'm going to add my veggies. To this I'm going to be adding some minced garlic. and some minced jalapeno. Now if you don't like the heat you could totally leave the. jalapeno out but I totally enjoy the heat so I'm going to go for it. We're going to. saute these for another 30 seconds and then we are going to add our spices. Now I love. to toast my spices before they go into the slow cooker because the flavor gets a lot. deeper and richer. So I am toasting up some cumin some chili powder and a little bit of. oregano. I'm going to heat these spices up for another 30 seconds and then I'm just going. to deglaze the pan using some vegetable stock. I'm going to pour with whole mixture into. my slow cooker and then I'm going to build the rest of my black bean soup. For this recipe. I'm using canned black beans, you could totally use dried black beans as well but you'll want. to remember to soak them overnight to make sure they soften up enough. If you are using. canned black beans you can just dump the entire can straight into the slow cooker, you don't. have to worry about rinsing or draining them. So I'm adding my black beans to my slow cooker. and to that I'm going to add some salsa. Now you could totally use just plain diced tomatoes. that will work just as well but I find that adding salsa adds even more delicious flavor. to the final soup. Super Good! And then the last step is topping up your slow cooker with. more vegetable broth. How amazing does this look, and I can tell you the house smells. incredible already. All I'm going to do is give this a really good stir, put on the lid. and then set my slow cooker for 6-8 hours. Of course the longer this simmers the more. delicious it's going to be. Once your soup is ready you can use an immersion blender. to puree it. Now if you don't have an immersion blender like this don't sweat it at all you. could totally use a traditional blender as well but I will tell you, you need to be very. very cautious when you are blending hot liquids. So, watch this video for full directions on. the safe way to blend hot soup. You just want to make sure that this is in the soup before. you start blending otherwise you can make quite a big mess. Now I like to only puree. it half way so it's got that smooth rich texture but it also still has some chunks of black. beans. That's the best way as far as I'm concerned! Now that our soup is pureed we're just going. to add one more delicious element. We're going to squeeze the juice of two limes into our. soup. This is going to give it a really refreshing tangy flavor. I promise you that you do not. want to skip this step. We're going to give this a good stir and then it's time to serve. our soup. I like topping mine with a little bit of sour cream, some fresh avocado slices. and some fresh cilantro. How amazing does this look. Totally effortless to put together. and the final result could not be more delicious. I hope you'll give this tasty recipe a try. and if you do be sure to tweet or instagram me a photo because you know I love seeing. what you're coming up with in your very own kitchens. And of course be sure to check out. all of the other awesome videos in this New Year, New You collaboration, you will not. regret i!