We’re Adam and Joanne from inpiredtaste.net. and welcome to our kitchen. We’re making Chili Lime Shrimp Cups - a. fun party appetizer We shared this recipe on Inspired Taste a. few years back and it has become one of our more popular recipes. So they are really good. We take crispy baked wonton shells stuff arugula. in there, some lime sour cream, and a baked chili lime shrimp. It’s so good, so easy and the perfect party. appetizer. You are making me hungry. Let’s … we have to go make these. Yeah let’s go make them. EEEEEE … Le’t do it. Start by making the cups that will eventually. hold our shrimp. Wonton wrappers work great for this. Line them up then brush each wonton wrapper. with olive oil — a non-stick cooking spray or even melted butter works, too. Flip the wrappers, brush the second side with. oil then add a light sprinkle of salt. To achieve the shape we need, place each wonton. into a muffin cup — You will need to fold a side or two to make them fit. We’re using a mini muffin pan here, but. a regular muffin/cupcake pan can be used. The cups won’t be as tall, but will come. out just fine. Press the bottom of each wonton down so as. they bake the bottom of each cup stays flat. Bake the wonton cups until crisp — this. can take 5 to 10 minutes. Stay close while they bake, they can over-brown. easily. Once baked, transfer to a cooling rack then. move onto the shrimp. Start with peeled and deveined shrimp. Add some olive oil then add the zest of a. lime — a microplane works wonders for this. Add some chili powder — if you can find. it, we love the flavor of ancho chili powder. Then finish with salt and pepper. Spread the shrimp onto a baking sheet and. bake until opaque throughout, about 10 minutes. So we’ve made the shells and baked the shrimp. Now we need to make a lime sour cream. It’s easy and really delicious! Simply stir a little lime juice and salt into. the sour cream. Okay, it’s time to assemble! Grab a baked wonton shell, add some arugula. to the bottom, add a dollop of that lime sour cream. Then top everything with a big, juicy chili. lime shrimp. Arrange the shrimp cups on a plate with some. extra lime wedges. A spritz of lime is a good call. And that’s it — Chili Lime Shrimp Cups. for the win! Mmm, don’t those look so good. I think I’m going to steal one. Have one. And don’t forget you can get the full recipe. on Inspired Taste and if you liked what you saw, please subscribe. We have lot’s more videos to come. Oh my gosh … these are so good. See you next week. Bye.