welcome back i'm jill with thecarefreekitchen.com . and today i'm going to be sharing with you my   favorite recipe for beef stew now this beef stew . is one that my mom has made for years and years   it's filled with lots of big chunks of hearty . beef and then loaded with vegetables so if   you love beef stew and you're wondering how to . make this super simple easy recipe follow along okay before we get started be sure to like . subscribe and follow me here and i'll show you   all kinds of fun and easy recipes that your family . will love okay so here are the ingredients that   we're going to need for our beef stew okay so here . i have one and a half to two pounds of stew meat   and you can definitely use like some chuck roast . kind of a tougher cut of meat is fine to use here   or of course you can use like any kind of cut up . steak or more tender kind of meat as well and then   i have some onions and i'm gonna be using some . carrots and this is some celery and you can use   the leaves here i have you know the ribs of celery . and then along with like some cut up leaves that   gives it a ton of flavor here too then of course i . have some garlic and these are russet potatoes and   i have just them in some water here so they don't . turn brown while i'm waiting for my things to cook   and i'll just drain that water off when i add them . and then i also have some fresh thyme and for this   recipe you can use fresh thyme you can use dried . thyme you could even use like an italian seasoning   blend okay so to get the beef stew started what . i'm going to do is add in a few tablespoons here   of flour and if you have somebody in your family . who is gluten intolerant then you can definitely   skip this step and then add some cornstarch a . little bit later in the recipe just to thicken   things up a little bit but i'm going to do a few . tablespoons here for my two pounds of beef and i'm   going pretty heavy on the beef on this one but . you can definitely go a little bit lighter too   okay and then to get started i'm just going to put . a few tablespoons of olive oil into my dutch oven   here and we're going to let . that warm up and to this   meat i'm going to add probably about two teaspoons . of salt we want this to be really well salted and then also we're going to add some pepper in . probably about a teaspoon of pepper maybe a half a   teaspoon pepper and just mix this all in and then . the first thing we're going to do is we're going   to brown our meat here and i'm just going to put . that into the bottom of the pan and you want to   be sure and allow room between the pieces of roast . here and that's so that it has room to caramelize   here we go just add a little bit of that and spread it . around in the bottom of the pan and we'll let   it get brown on each side before we turn it . okay and when you are doing this roast here   when you're browning your meat you can let it get . really brown on the underside before you flip it all right that is just about perfect you . can see it's brown on the underside here all right and then i'm just going to . take it out of the pan here with my tongs and we'll just go in some shifts and   around as much meat as we can at a . time without overcrowding the pan and this is on just a medium high heat so now you can just set that browned meat . aside and to my pan i'm going to add a large   diced onion and then also just about a half a cup . of water and this is going to help the pan deglaze   on the bottom and get all of those nice little . playful bits that are on the bottom of the pan   so you want to bring those up and . cook the onions at the same time   here we go and now we're going to stir these . onions until they become translucent after you   give the onions and a little bit of water or beef . broth a chance to soften the bottom of that pan   it will come up really easily and this one is . actually a great time also to add some red wine   to this a lot of people love red wine in their . beef stew but i prefer just using beef broth there we go now we'll just let these onions . cook until they are translucent and tender   which is about five minutes okay so now . these onions have had a chance to tenderize   just a little bit i'm going to add in . about a tablespoon of minced garlic   and we'll just cook this again . until the garlic is also translucent okay and then into this i'm going to add my celery . and my carrots and just stir that up a little bit and then i'm also going to be adding some . thyme and i need about a tablespoon of thyme   and if you don't have time on hand you can use . some italian herbs that would be fine you can   also use dried herbs that's okay i have fresh . thyme in my fridge so that is definitely going   to give you the most flavor and with time what . you want to do is just grab the end of it and   then you'll gently pull the leaves pulling down . on the stem and it will take the leaves right off   and then i'm just going to use a little . knife here and cut it and also if you   don't want all this thyme in there you could . just put the sprigs in and then take them out   when you take the bay leaves out too but i . just really love all of this thyme flavor okay and now you can put . the beef broth into the stew   and i've got some little bits of my beef . broth in here i'm just going to add those in give this a little stir and i also have . my potatoes i'm going to strain them and add these to my stew and along with my . browned meat and any juices that are in there we are just going to give that a quick stir here we go and i've added quite a . bit of potatoes and beef to mine so   you can definitely add another . cup or two of beef broth to this all right and there's a couple last minute . additions we are going to add in about two   tablespoons of worcestershire sauce and . this is just going to add a ton of depth   to our stew and then also we're going to add . about a half a cup of tomato sauce and you can   add just a scoop of tomato paste if you want but . the little bit of tomato base in this stew recipe   just makes it really rich and gives it a ton . of flavor all right we just have one last thing   and i'm going to add in about four bay leaves . and we will take these out before we serve it   but there we go now we'll just let it cook for . about a half hour and those potatoes will get   nice and tender and the carrots will be tender and . we'll be ready to enjoy our beeps too all right   here is my beef stew and as you can . see here i've just got a few of these   bay leaves in here that i want to take out . before i serve it let's see there's another one there we go okay   and then i'll just give this a quick stir and as . you can see those carrots are really flavorful   and are cooked perfectly that beef is fall apart . tender it looks so good and you can definitely   taste it now and see if it needs maybe just a . little bit more salt or a little bit more pepper   all right and i like to add just a little bit . of fresh parsley on there before i serve it   all right here is my beef stew recipe and this . is just like my mom used to make it's loaded with   beef and then it has this awesome tomato and beef . broth base and i promise you start out with this   recipe you can make all kinds of variations you . could add peas at this point you could add corn at   this point like some frozen corn would be really . good but this is an all-time favorite classic beef   stew recipe that your family is going to love . all right now for the fun part i get to try it oh it is so thick and rich has so much flavor   this is the best way to eat some beef and . potatoes and carrots it is so delicious i'm gonna eat this whole bowl yum all right guys . thank you so much for watching this episode of the   carefree kitchen be sure to like subscribe follow . me here and i will show you all kinds of fun and   easy recipes that your family will love thanks . again for watching and we'll see you next time you