Chef Buck here and today i'm going to blacken up . a piece of fish so i'm going to take this lonely   little piece of fish and i'm going to blacken it . up easy peasy lemon squeezy when you're blackening   fish not a lot to it all you need is butter and . too much spice and a hot skillet i got a cast iron   skillet here so the first thing i'm going to do . is make sure that i'm turning on the right burner   then i'm going to put it on medium high heat and . go ahead and start getting this skillet ready   because that's that's one of the most important . things is making sure that when you're ready to   lay your fish in your skillet that your skillet . is super duper hot you know almost to the smoking   point now before i put my spice on my fish i'm . going to melt up this little piece of butter   so now i got my butter melted up now i'm going . to take my spice and this is a lot of spice   for one lonely little piece of fish but you want . to have too much spice but it doesn't have to be   overly spicy you don't have to use a lot of hot . spice you just want a lot of flavor to cook on the   outside of that fish i got a little chili powder . a little onion powder garlic powder some paprika   some salt and pepper some italian seasonings you . can use all of these spices you can use whatever   kind of mixture you like but just go heavy on . it so i'm going to throw all this in a bowl here   get my spices nice and mixed up   i'm going to take my fish coat it in my butter get . butter all around on the outsides of my fish here   this fish was actually a frozen piece of fish i . mean if you can use fresh fish that's fantastic   but if you're using frozen fish you know make sure . it's completely thawed and that you've dried it   and then you can go ahead and let it . sit out and get to room temperature   so now we got it all slicked up with butter now . i'm going to take my seasoning and really give   one side of my fish a nice heavy coating of . spice and since this is a thick piece of fish   i'm going to go ahead and coat the sides as well   now we're just waiting for the skillet to heat up . okay i think my skillet is more than hot enough   so now i'll go ahead and lay my fish in the . skillet when it hits the pan it's going to sizzle you want to make sure your fish starts to cook . right away now make sure and use up all of my   butter get this spice out of here now get my . remainder of spice and cover the uncoated side   really well and i know this seems like a lot of . spice but that's what blackened fish is now see   how smoky that is you know i really need to have . my air vent on but that would muck up my audio so   i just gotta hope that i can cook this fish before . my smoke alarm goes off and it doesn't take long   at all for fish to cook you know depending on . the thickness of the fish you know just maybe   two or three minutes each side all right so . now giving my fish a nice turn boom and look   at that nice black inside there now what's the . difference between blackened fish and burnt fish   there's no difference i'm just over here burning . fish you know it's just the spice you know you're   just burning fish with spice on it now ideally . you want to use a cast iron skillet for this   but if you don't have a cast iron skillet that's . fine you know i've blackened fish plenty of times   in just a regular non-stick pan you . just got to make sure that it's hot hot   hot hot since this fish is a little . thick and that looks perfect though i'm gonna go ahead and cook the sides a . little bit get a nice sear on my edges so there you have it a nice blackened piece . of fish with that nice charred spice on there   that charred butter and spice that's going . to be a delicious piece of blackened fish looks like i need a little spot of color on there . cherry tomatoes are perfect for a quick makeover   but you always want to use an odd number you . don't want to you don't want it to be even   you know you want to look dangerous . you want it to be unpredictable i think three tomatoes does that ready . in just a few minutes i don't know what   camera girl's eating today but . i'm pretty sure i got her beat look how nice that is life is hard without a camera . girl i'll tell you that   cg has a lot of qualities so many good ones . but about her eighth or ninth best quality   is being the camera girl you . just can't have too much spice if you want to check out the recipe i'll . be written down below you can head over to   MyFoodChannel.com check out all our recipes over . there thanks for watching and doing all that stuff   and i'll see you next weekend hopefully . camera girl be here but either which way   either i'll be eating with her i'll be eating . all on my lonesome we'll see you then bye-bye