- Hey, everyone. It's Natasha of natashaskitchen.com. We're making chicken. roll-ups stuffed with cheese, juicy tomatoes, and pesto sauce. These taste like fine. dining but the are so easy. We'll start with four chicken breasts and cut each in half length-wise so you end up with eight thin cutlets. Pound each cutlet to an even. eighth of an inch thickness. The easiest and cleanest way to do this is using a Ziploc bag. And if you don't have a meat mallet, you can use the back of a heavy sauce pan. Arrange all of your cutlets. on a large cutting board or you can use a baking sheet. Now season both sides with. garlic salt and black pepper. (jazz music) Carefully flip these over. using tongs or your hands making sure you don't. tear the thin cutlets. Place a tablespoon of pesto. sauce over each cutlet and spread it evenly in the center. Very thinly slice one. large tomato into 12 rings. You'll need two slices. for each chicken cutlet. Sprinkle the tops with. two to three tablespoons of shredded mozzarella cheese. Tightly roll up each cutlet and secure the end with a toothpick. The toothpicks help to keep. these together as they cook, sealing in all that amazing flavor. Preheat your over to. 425 degrees Fahrenheit and place a large oven-safe skillet over medium-high heat with one tablespoon of olive oil and one tablespoon of butter. Once the butter is done sizzling, add the chicken roll-ups. with the toothpick side up. Sear the roll-ups four minutes per side or eight minutes of total. cooking time on the stove. Now turn off the stove. and sprinkle the tops with your remaining mozzarella cheese and one cup of cherry tomatoes. Transfer to the oven and bake. at 425 degrees Fahrenheit for 13 to 15 minutes or until the chicken is fully cooked through. My kitchen smells so good right now and I cannot wait to taste this. As always, a little bit of garnish and I like putting fresh basil on here because the pesto has basil in it so it just makes it so. vibrant and beautiful. Okay, now the taste test. This one looks nice and big. Size matters. That's kind of a trend around here, I don't know if you've noticed that. Oh, yum. And a little bit of juices on top and some of those yummy roasted tomatoes which actually add a lot of flavor to the sauce so don't skip them. Wow. Now this is dinner. And a reminder, don't forget. to take out the toothpicks 'cause that's not a fun surprise. Your gusts will not appreciate that one. Aw, it's so tender and juicy inside. Yum, yum. Mmm, mmm, mhmm, mhmm. I'm not even done chewing. Just gonna come out and. say it, it's so good. The tomato inside, too makes. it so juicy and flavorful. And then that pesto. Keep in mind there's just. three ingredients inside here. Pesto, tomatoes, and cheese. But wow, this has so much flavor. It's kind of like a. Tuscany flavor, Italian. It's very good, very good. You guys have to try this. If you enjoyed this video, give me a great big thumbs up below. Make sure to subscribe to our channel and we'll see you later. If you enjoy simple. but extremely delicious chicken recipes, check. out these right over here. And make sure to click below to subscribe. See ya later.