Black pepper and beef go so well together and in . this Chinese takeaway inspired black pepper beef, the pepper lifts the dish and gives it a . background warmth without the need for any chillies.  We've got tender beef vibrant colourful . vegetables all enrobed in a rich savory sauce. Hi I'm Nicky, welcome back to our kitchen where . we show you how to make delicious family-friendly   recipes. I do love a good stir fry, they can be . a super quick midweek meal or you can make them   something extra special for a treat dinner, and . this black pepper beef for me falls into the   latter category so let's get cooking. We're going . to start by seasoning the steak. Now because this   is a little bit of a treat dinner I'm using 450 . grams or about a pound of sirloin steak. Now for   the seasoning we're going to be using quite a lot . of black pepper in this dish both now and later on   in the sauce, but don't be put off by the amount . of pepper in there it combines really well with   the other flavors and it mellows to give a nice . warming peppery heat. So add a teaspoon of freshly   ground black pepper and quarter of a teaspoon . of salt and mix it all together to coat the beef. Now heat three tablespoons of sunflower oil . and a teaspoon of sesame oil in a wok until hot. Add the seasoned steak to the wok . and cook on a high heat for about   two to three minutes until the steak's browned. Right that steak looks perfect so we're . going to transfer it to a bowl for later. Now add another tablespoon . of sunflower oil to the wok. Add in two roughly sliced onions and a . roughly sliced red pepper and green pepper. Stir fry for three to four . minutes until starting to soften. Whilst they're cooking we're going to make the . sauce, so take a jug and add two tablespoons   of corn flour or cornstarch, next in goes two . tablespoons of dark soy sauce, two tablespoons   of oyster sauce, a tablespoon of chinese rice . wine, 120 mil or half a cup of beef stock   and one teaspoon of black pepper. Mix that all together until . combined and then leave to one side. After the onions have started to . soften add in two cloves of minced   garlic and a teaspoon of minced . ginger and cook for one minute. Now add that sauce from earlier to the pan, stir . everything together and bring to a gentle simmer. Add the steak back to the wok with the peppers . and onions and allow the steak to heat through   and stir to coat in that rich velvety sauce. Then serve the black pepper beef with . some boiled rice or egg fried rice.  And that's my version of black pepper beef a . great beef stir fry for a Friday night dinner.   And instead of chillies we're using black . pepper to give a subtle warmth to the dish   which works so well with that steak. If you like . this recipe then please check out this playlist   with some of our other favorite Chinese . takeaway inspired dishes, see you next time.