What's up guys it's Susie Bulloch from. HeyGrillHey.com and if you're watching this video that means we. already have something in common we both love good barbecue and that's perfect. because it Hey Grill Hey my whole goal is to help you make better barbecue so. you can feed the people you love and become a backyard barbecue hero today. we're making a stuffed pork tenderloin on the grill this recipe is kind of one. of those fun recipes you save for a date night dinner at home Todd and I make it. when the kids are gone we want a nice relaxing evening and we want to eat. food that is a little bit more elevated and the flavors in here are absolutely. dynamite we're talking about bacon cream cheese spinach balsamic red onions and. Manchego cheese this recipe comes in at under an hour start to finish you need. 20 minutes of prep and 30 minutes to cook for this recipe you'll need a pork. tenderloin with any of the silver skin excess fat removed two slices of bacon. chopped four ounces of softened cream cheese 3 ounces of manchego cheese. grated and a half a cup of baby spinach for the caramelized onions you'll need a. whole large red onion sliced 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons. of balsamic vinegar and you'll also need some seasoning we're using my chicken. seasoning you can grab this in my store let's get started in a skillet you're. gonna cook down that bacon pre-heat your cast-iron skillet over medium-high heat. and then add in your chopped bacon pieces we want our little pieces of. bacon to cook down all the way and get nice and crispy this recipe is actually. inspired by a salad dish and all I could think about was how much better it would. be if it had bacon in it and maybe it was not a salad but instead it was. stuffed inside of some meat so I turned a very healthy salad into a very. delicious stuffed pork tenderloin our bacon is crispy we're gonna pull it. out of the pan just set it on a paper towel to drain leave that beautiful. bacon fat in your cast-iron skillet we're gonna use it to caramelize our. onions so you want these crispy little bacon nuggets so that when you put them. in the filling they hold up their integrity and you get a nice textural. bite in your pork tenderloin we're gonna add the butter to our bacon fat and then. dump in our red onions we're going to add in our onions and start to. caramelize those you can smell the butter and the bacon as it caramelize. these onions these onions take about 15 to 20 minutes to cook down we really. want them to be super soft super sweet so that when you're eating the filling. you don't get a harsh bite of red onion because that can taste a little bit. bitter you get all of the sweetness our onions are perfect they really softened. and they don't have a lot of that bright purple color anymore now they're really. light brown and they look beautiful we're gonna turn off the heat and stir. in our balsamic vinegar these are looking beautiful they're. gonna be tangy and they're gonna be sweet we're just gonna remove these from. the heat and set them aside while we prepare our tenderloin before we butterfly our pork tenderloin. we just want to make sure it's well trimmed this silver skin right here is. not great to eat and it's really tough so just get your knife underneath remove. the whole things just be delicate cuz you don't want to remove too much of the. meat you just want to get rid of these thin membranes that looks perfect. butterflying a tenderloin can sounds a little bit complicated but it's not it's. just like unrolling a scroll just want to take your knife press your hand down. on the top of your tenderloin and about a half-inch off the bottom just make a. long thin slice and then open that slice a little bit do. it again and just make another long thin slice you just want to drag your knife. parallel to the cutting board so that it stays about a half inch above it you. definitely want to make sure that your knife is sharp for this step. especially right on the tip cuz that's what you're using mostly so just keep. making small slices and peeling back the top of your tenderloin until this last. piece is also about a half an inch thick you just press it flat give a nice space. for your filling when you're finished it's gonna be about six inches wide and. a half an inch thick it's time to stuff our tenderloin time for the filling. we're going to start with our four ounces of softened cream cheese just use. the back of a spoon and press it out evenly across your tenderloin. so maybe cream cheese and pork isn't the most traditional combo but cream cheese. makes a beautiful filling and any stuffed or rolled meats because it just. melts down so nicely and it keeps things really moist the cream cheese is on. there evenly it's time to sprinkle on our manchego. just sprinkle your Manchego cheese on there evenly and then I like to use my. hands to press it down so we have a nice even layer of this delicious melty. cheese beautiful okay next is our onions just. spread these evenly over the whole thing they smell so so good you want to make. sure everything is evenly distributed across the top of your pork tenderloin. because you want the spirals to be even when you slice through it next up are. those baby spinach leaves just try to put those on and close to a single layer. you just want the spinach on top of these onions a nice even layer and now my favorite part bake it. crispy little bacon pieces right on top of our spinach it's time to roll this up one trick that. I use to make this a little bit easier is pre-cut your butcher's twine and then. slide it under your tenderloin before you even start rolling that way you. don't have to worry about holding the rolled tenderloin and getting the string. on there you'll just have them all set you'll need about five pieces of. butchers twine kind of like flossing your teeth here comes the moment of. truth we got to roll this thing up so just. start on one side kind of tuck the filling with your fingertips as you roll. and lift up and roll over instead of pressing down and rolling forward okay. we've got a finished roll now all you have to do is take your pieces of. butcher's twine and tie them not too tight not too loose I love making this recipe for date night. when Todd and I have a night alone without the kids it takes a couple extra. steps but it's really not complicated to make and it tastes amazing it gives you. that nice little elevated fancy feel and then just use your knife to cut off the. excess string our pork tenderloin is stuffed rolled wrapped and tied it's. ready to head out and hit the grill all right. last step before we grill our pork tenderloin is the seasoning I'm using my. chicken seasoning it has the perfect balance of garlic and onion and fresh. herbs to complement all we got going on inside of here that looks good it's time. to get it on our grill grate my grill has been preheated to 375 degrees I'm. putting my pork tenderloin on the indirect heat side of the grill instead. of directly over the coals that way the heat circulates around it more evenly. instead of a high temperature direct heat right in one spot we're gonna flip. this a couple of times during the cooking process it takes about 30. minutes from start to finish so plan every 10 minutes to give it a flip looks. good you're starting to see some browning on the underside of our pork. tenderloin we're ten minutes in we're gonna give it another 20 we're looking. for 145 that's the perfect internal doneness for pork oh this is exactly. where it needs to be time to come off the grill be very careful when you move. this because that filling is hot you don't want anything to spill out we're. gonna take this inside let it rest for about ten minutes so that filling. doesn't spill out when we slice it open all right all that's left to do is snip. these pieces of butcher's twine slice this into rings and eat it all right now. we're gonna slice this into about three quarters of an inch thick slices oh yeah. that looks perfect you can see all of the fillings right inside I love that. you can see each layer of our filling the cream cheese the bacon the. caramelized onions and that spinach you might cut into your pork and see a. little bit of pink it's totally fine we know we cooked it to the correct internal. temperature and we cooked it over charcoal and that can actually add a. little bit of pink to the meat this one yeah Cheers down the hatch oh my. gosh that's so good there's like new flavors all right you guys Todd and I. are gonna enjoy our date night dinner for two we hope you take a chance and. make this recipe at home if you do leave a comment let us know how it turned out. for you even better post a photo on social media use the hashtag #HeyGrillHey that way Todd and I can see it leave a comment on your post and cheer you on. on your way to becoming a backyard barbecue hero see you next time pork drop there we go that was terrible. sorry