what's up guys welcome back to the. channel I'm going to be making some grouper today for you guys this is a. fish that I actually caught yesterday as you can see in the video and grouper. it's one of the best fish that would catch here in Florida I'm going to be. making baked fish fillet recipe with butter and lemon juice and dump some. seasonings so let's get to it okay guys so the first thing we're going to do. with this fish is we're going to fillet it and then we're going to cut the head. from it to use a fur for our soup and usually to filet you want to begin here and you want to cut along the bone run your fingers through it and with the. tip of the knife you can feel the backbone on the fish let it guide you across that's the spine you want to run. the tip of the knife along the spines you hear it so you don't leave any meat here you want to cut across behind the head. down is a bone here that we're going to actually use for the soup also when I. come down on the other side and around that bottom fin mr. bones as a guide for your life and a couple different ways people do. fillets you can either scale the fish leave the skin on you can skin it this. fish I'm going to leave the skin on I scaled it because I came in late and I. had I just scaled it and got it it put in refrigerator so I could fillet the. next day groupers don't have any fishy taste or understanding or anything like. that and they're real thin it's not like a other fish you know like silk or fish. like that they have actually a very very fishy type of taste in their skin was. smoking do have to skin them or you won't be able to eat the fish. so sometimes to mine a little bit of meat on the ribcage it's. actually when you do a good fillet you want to take the fish up and make sure. that you can see light through the skeleton there's nothing left on the. bones the rest of this stuff can I use your soup we're going to cut the head. and then use that for efficient so now that we have our to clean fillets. there's actually some bones left in here but we want to make sure we get them out. there's the pin bones the run right across here the middle of the fillet you. want to make sure you get those out people I leave them in the manga. personally I don't like it make sure you get right there between just a little strip of bone lay there no bones nothing left on it this one does the same thing so right. between the two fillets these pin bones on the fish they want to make sure you. get them all you can feel them on your finger between the the bottom side of. the fillet and the top run your fingers through you're gonna feel about little. roll bones let's call the pin bones and what you want to do is make sure you. come in with your knife just a little strip cut them off that's basically it now we're going to. take it over wash it off and prepare it for for baking so we're going to do is. cut this delay four equal pieces and then we're going to bake it in the oven next time we're gonna do is we're gonna. take some limes Rae on the bottom of Pyrex to fit our fish set it in you guys. won't have to use grouper for this recipe I mean you can use any fish if. you go to your local fish market and you get yourself some whole fish you guys. can do this recipe without wasting any parts of the fish you could actually use. everything and a lot of the nutrition is it that bone broth like I said to you. guys the fish collagen it's really really good it's great for healing your. you've got your intestines you have an e group and intentional discomfort. collagen is a great thing for that College is also great for your tendons. and ligaments and it's just an overall really really good thing to have as is. fishing or bone broth soup which I'll be doing a recipe on that later on in the. channel but the lines you saw with the fish get a good amount of it using about. one and a half lines for this one some of that I've actually got some clarified. butter over here I'm going to put also over the fish and I'm using Kerry cold. butter and once that's done which is very. simple just basically three ingredients once you got the fillets so I'm using. Old Bay seasoning and dog for you guys that fish your know about fishing you. guys know how good this stuff is most fishermen use old bait from other. recipes if you guys have a try it I highly recommend it this stuff is really. really good for fish whether it's fried or baked like this or if you doing arm. shrimp oil or any of those recipes like that cold day is awesome. and our group of relays are ready to to be baked so basically that's what we. have and then we're going to put it in the oven at 425 degrees for about 15. minutes or so until the fish is cooked through okay guys so basically a grouper. is done use the fillets and we conserve this doing a keto diet you can have it. with cauliflower mash which I'll put the link to that recipe right there above. and you can do it with zucchini noodles or you have it with a salad I have. plenty of different salad recipes keto friendly here on the channel if you guys. want to look for those if you're not doing keto you have this with rice baked. potato however however you like that fish we probably got maybe four. small servings of fish the thing about red grouper is that a lot of it is its. head and bones it's got a very big head for the size of the fish so that's why I. like to use everything I used the head the bones and everything to make fish. bone broth or you know the soup and I try to utilize every part of up that. fish make a really really good soup with that and you guys will see that on. another recipe video that I'm also going to link here so that you have it there's. the final the final recipe done and you guys can try this with just fish fillets. if you go through your fish market and you don't want to do all that cleaning. and all that work and you buy fish fillets you could try this really simple. recipe just lemon butter and Old Bay seasoning you just bake it for 15 to 20. minutes at 425 degrees and you have a nice delicious baked fish recipe that. you could have your doing to eat or any other type of die very high in protein. and very healthy so I hope you guys enjoyed the recipe I'll see you guys in. the next one remember to subscribe and share the channel so we can continue to. grow