- Hi everyone. It's Natasha with natashaskitchen.com and today we are making. classic beef stroganoff with tender strips of beef and mushrooms in an incredible creamy sauce. This is an easy and. excellent 30-minute dinner. This recipe moves fast so you want to have all of. your ingredients ready to go. We'll start with some quick prep. Thinly slice one pound. of top sirloin steak and for best results use. a high quality steak, a boneless ribeye or beef tenderloin will also work well. Next, thickly slice half a pound of white or brown mushrooms. (music) Also, finally chop half of a medium onion and it may seem like a lot of onion but it shrinks down and. disappears into the sauce. (music) And for our last bit of prep, finally mince one large garlic clove. (music) It is time to fire up the stove. Place a large deep pan or dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add two tablespoons of oil and once the oil is. hot, add the beef strips in a single layer. Seer the beef without moving it around for about one minute per side or just until cooked through. And in case you're wondering, I also have some out. of control egg noodles boiling in the background to. serve with the beef stroganoff. Just as soon as has. seered and no longer red, remove it right away to a separate bowl and cover to keep warm then seer the remaining beef. It does take a couple extra minutes but it is best to seer in batches otherwise the beef can cool. the pan down too quickly, juice out and become chewy. Transfer the rest of the. cooked beef to the bowl and cover to keep warm. Melt in two tablespoons of butter then add the chopped onion. and sliced mushrooms. Saute stirring occasionally. for six to seven minutes or until all of the liquid is evaporated and the onions and mushrooms. are soft and lightly brown. (music) Next, add your minced garlic. clove and saute another minute or until fragrant. (music) Sprinkle the top with. one tablespoon of flour and saute another minute,. stirring constantly. Pour in one cup of beef broth and stir, scraping the bottom of the pan. (music) Next, add three fourths. cup of heavy whipping cream and bring everything to a simmer. Stir a few tablespoons. of the simmering sauce into your sour cream to temper. it so it doesn't curdle. Then add it to the pan. while whisking constantly. Now, stir in one tablespoon. of worcestershire, half a teaspoon of dijon. mustard, and season with half a teaspoon of. salt and a quarter teaspoon of black pepper or season to taste. Bring the sauce back to a. simmer and it should be creamy. Now add the cooked beef back to the pan along with any accumulated juices and bring it back just to a simmer or until the beef is heated through. And once your egg noodles are cooked according to package instructions, drain well and set them aside. until you're ready to serve. (giggles) Oh my goodness. I am so excited for this taste test. Oh yummy. And while the stroganoff was cooking, I made a batch of buttered egg noodles. So those are ready for serving and I am gonna jump right into this. And I love to serve stroganoff with a little bit of a fresh chives because it adds that great. pop of flavor and color. And it goes really well with this so just add a bunch of chopped chives. Wow-y. Lots of chives. You can't go wrong. Alright, okay. I cannot wait any longer. Let's serve up some pasta to start. And this does pair really well. with mashed potatoes or rice because it has that amazing gravy with it but I do love it over egg noodles. Lots of noodles. Okay, alright. And then we want to get as much meat and mushrooms and sauce as possible. (laughs) I'm telling you, it's really good. So saucy. I love that. And it does thicken up. just a little bit more when it cools down and it is just perfect. And now, I'm really hungry. (laughs) Here we go. Little bit of everything. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. I tell you what. (laughs) This is seriously the best beef stroganoff and it comes together so easy. The beef is so tender. The sauce is seasoned to perfection and I love the thick sliced mushrooms. They're just as meaty as the beef. This is such a treat. And my kids, they loved it and this always disappears fast. If you guys enjoyed this recipe give me a great big thumbs up below. Make sure to subscribe to our channel and we'll see you next time. And if you have any. leftovers, you just eat them. (laughs) You're welcome. For more great beef recipes check out some of our all-time favorites right over there and right down there and before you go,. click below to subscribe and when you do, make sure. you hit that little bell icon so you'll get notifications. every time we post a new recipe. Thanks for watching.