Beef stew is a classic dinner staple, . especially during those cold weather months. With this recipe, you're in for a treat. Whoa, you're going to love the meltingly . tender beef and amazing smells, it's so good. The best thing about it is everything . is made in one pot. Let's get started. The first thing I'm going . to do is cut the vegetables. I'm going to use a classic mirepoix . which is onions celery and carrots. It's going to add a ton of flavor . dimension and aromatics to the dish. My carrots are peeled and I'm going . to cut them into 3/4-inch pieces. Cutting them into larger chunks . is going to ensure that they   don't break down while they braise in the oven. We need about 2 cups for the recipe. For the celery, we're going to cut . them into 1/2-inch thick pieces. The smaller size is going . to infuse a lot of flavor   into the stew. You need about 1 cup of celery. Trim the top off of the red onion and then . just a little bit of the root end so that it   stays intact and it's easier to cut. Cut it in half and peel off the skin. . Cut the onion into 1 inch thick pieces. We need about 1 cup for the . recipe to make a hearty stew. I like to add some waxy potatoes . like Yukon gold into the recipe. I don't want them to break down   while they're cooking in the oven so I'm . going to cut these into 1-inch size pieces. These are baby-sized potatoes, so . I'm just going to cut them in half These types of potatoes have more sugar . instead of starch in them so they're not   going to break down they're actually going . to hold their shape as they're cooking. For this recipe, I'm going to use . beef chuck it's very inexpensive   and it comes from the shoulder region of the cow. It's full of marbling and fat and connective . tissues that are going to be very flavorful   when we braise it. So I have about 2 1/2 pounds of meat . but you could use up to 3 pounds   and we're going to cut them . down into smaller pieces. You want to trim off any extra   fat on the outside because it's just . going to make the stew really greasy. Okay, just cut these into smaller 1 1/2-inch   pieces. See there's big chunks of fat right . there so I'm just going to trim that off. I'm going to season the beef with 1 teaspoon of . kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper. Just flip the meat over so . you can season both sides. I had refrigerated my meat before I cut . it so it's really dry on the surface   but make sure if it's a little bit wet, use paper towels to dry it off because we want . the beef to sear and not steam in the pan. Let's go ahead over to the stove Set the oven rack to the lower . third position, heat to 350 degrees. Heat a large dutch oven over medium-high . heat, add 3 tablespoons olive oil,   once hot add the beef in a single . layer, work in two batches. Sear each side until browned . about 1 to 2 minutes per side.   Transfer to a clean plate and . repeat with the remaining beef. The beef is done searing when it has a beautiful   caramel-colored crust and there's a . ton of fond or brown bits stuck to the bottom of the pan that we're going to dissolve, . that's going to add a lot of flavor to the dish. Now in the same pot, we're going to saute the . vegetables and add the rest of the ingredients. Turn the heat down to medium, and add . 2 cups of carrots, 1 cup of celery, and 1 cup of onion, saute until the onions . are lightly browned and tender, five minutes. Add 1 teaspoon chopped thyme, and . bay leaf, saute for 30-seconds. Add 1 tablespoon minced . garlic, saute for 30-seconds. Wow, this smells amazing already. The . onions are getting caramelized and   the garlic and thyme are really nice and . herbaceous and adding a ton of aromatics. Now, I'm going to add some . balsamic vinegar to deglaze the pan but it's also going to add this . nice acidity and brightness   and really boost the flavor of the ingredients. Add 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar, stir scraping the . bottom of the pan to release any brown bits. Cook until most of the liquid . has evaporated, about 1 minute. Add 1 tablespoon tomato paste, . stir and cook for 30-seconds. Sprinkle in 1/4 cup of flour, . stir and cook for 1 minute,   slowly stir in 3 cups of beef stock . scraping down the bottom of the pan. As a finishing touch to the stew, . I'm going to add some dry red wine. I like a full-bodied red wine like . a cabernet sauvignon because it has   really fruity flavors and nice balanced tannins but you could also use a merlot, . a chianti, or a French bourgeois, but make sure you use one that you like to drink   because you'll have a few glasses . left over to enjoy with your meal. And if you don't want to add wine you could also . add grape juice instead or even pomegranate juice or you could just add an extra cup of beef . stock if you don't want to add that at all. Add 1 cup of red wine, and 2 . tablespoons soy sauce, stir to combine. Add the brown beef and 1 pound of sliced potatoes,   bring the liquid to a rapid simmer . over medium-high heat for five minutes. Turn off the heat. I've simmered the stew just for a few minutes to . get the starches in the flour to start thickening   and to keep that liquid nice and . hot before we add it to the oven. The oven is going to give a . nice consistent amount of heat,   cooking the stew by conduction and it . allows you to not have to touch it at all. We're just going to put the cover on and you're . going to bake it for about 75 to 90 minutes or until the meat is super fork-tender and the . vegetables can be easily pierced with a knife. You can also cook the stew . on the stovetop but there's   going to be little pockets of heat that build-up so make sure to stir it . about every 20 minutes or so. Wow, this looks incredible . the meat is fork-tender,   all the vegetables are ready, . and if you want a thicker sauce you could turn the heat up to . medium-high and concentrate   it for a few more minutes until . you get the desired consistency but this looks good to me it's ready to serve. Okay, let's take a peek. Wow, the meat and vegetables are glazed . with the sauce, it smells amazing. Okay, right before serving I like to garnish with a little bit more freshly . cracked black pepper and some chopped parsley. You can grab some serving . bowls and just enjoy it as is or if you want a heartier meal   I would definitely serve it with my . homemade mashed potatoes right here. I hope you enjoyed learning . the science behind beef stew,   and if you did please give it a big thumbs up it means a lot when you do. See you in the next video. It's time to eat.