- Today, I'm gonna show you how to make the best ever beef tenderloin roast. Beef tenderloin is. perfect for the holidays in taking center stage on. your Christmas dinner table because it's elegant. and so incredibly tender that it almost feels indulgent. It's also a pricey cut of meat, which can make it feel. a little intimidating. But fear not, because I've got an easy, totally foolproof recipe for you today. In fact, if you made my. prime rib recipe last year, you may notice some similarities. with the garlic herb crust. But this beef tenderloin recipe cooks in about half the time. It's also super easy to carve. You just have to slice it up. And it's insanely. delicious when it's served with my homemade horseradish sauce, which I'll also show you how to make. I'm really excited to share. this recipe with you today because it's one of my personal favorites. So, let's dive right in. There are three important pieces of kitchen equipment. you need for this recipe including a 12 inch of oven-safe pan, either stainless steel or. cast iron like this one. Some kitchen twine to. tie up the tenderloin. And this is really important. because the meat comes in somewhat of an oblong shape. And an instant read thermometer to ensure that you cook the meat to. the perfect temperature, which for me is medium rare, but your preference may be different. You could also use a probe. thermometer if you have one, and these are great because. you don't have to open the oven to see what the temperature is. When you go to the butcher, ask for a whole beef tenderloin. That's about four to. four and a half pounds. That's what I'm using today. You could also use two two-pound. center cut tenderloins, which is just the middle portion. with the ends trimmed off. Sometimes, that's available. at your butcher counter, and it's also known as. a chateaubriand cut. Now, because I have a whole. beef tenderloin today, you'll notice one end is thicker and the other end thins out. You'll wanna fold that thinner end over, so that the meat is uniform in thickness. This ensures that the. meat will cook evenly, and we'll tie it up here in a second. But in order to get this big. hunk of meat to fit in a pan, you'll need to slice it in half. So, once the thin end is folded over, find the midway point and slice it. As I mentioned in the intro, beef tenderloin is a pricey cut of meat, and there's a good reason why. It's where filet mignon comes from. Filet mignon is actually. just the middle portion of the tenderloin sliced up. And that my friends is why this recipe is such a coveted main during the holidays. Now, it's really important. that the beef tenderloin is tied up with kitchen twine, which makes it more uniformly. shaped for even cooking. So, don't skip this step. Tie the twine around one. end of the tenderloin, about an inch from the end, and tie it in a knot on top. Sometimes, you have to. shimmy the twine underneath to get it into the right spot. But when you pull it tight, the tenderloin will form. more of a cylindrical shape. Then just twist a portion of. the twine around your hands, and place it over the end, and bring it down to about an. inch below your first knot. Pull that tight and then. keep repeating this process until you've got the beef. tenderloin all tied up. When you're done, just snip. the twine with scissors. (gentle upbeat music) If you find that it's difficult to tie the beef tenderloin this way, you could also cut six to. eight individual pieces of twine about 10 to 12 inches in length. Place them under the beef. tenderloin next to each other, an inch or so apart. And then tie individual knots on top. It's really up to you. But when you're done, you'll have tied up. that tucked end of meat. And as you can see, both pieces are now uniform in thickness. Place the beef tenderloin on a plate and let it come to room temperature, which will take about one to two hours. All right. While you're. waiting on the tenderloin, you can make two things. The herb butter mixture and. the homemade horseradish sauce. To make the herb butter, place six tablespoons of softened butter into a small mixing bowl and mince six garlic cloves on top. Then peel the leaves off of a. few fresh sprigs of rosemary and finely chop it. You'll want about a teaspoon. of finely chopped rosemary. You'll do the same thing with fresh thyme. Just remove the leaves by sliding your fingers down the stem, then finally chop about a teaspoon or so, and add it to the mixing bowl. If your butter is softened. to room temperature, this should be really easy to mix up with either a fork or spoon. And once it's fully combined, just set that to the side. To make the homemade horseradish sauce, add half a cup of sour cream. to a small mixing bowl. And if you wanna make this dairy-free, feel free to swap in your favorite store-bought dairy-free sour cream, or you can use my cashew sour. cream recipe from my website. To that, add two tablespoons. of prepared horseradish. Horseradish has a strong. pungent flavor like wasabi. But when it's mixed with these. other creamy ingredients, it's softened into the. most delicious flavor. Add one tablespoon of mayonnaise, one tablespoon of finely chopped chives for a pop of herby greens, and one teaspoon of Dijon mustard for that perfect punch of spice. Lastly, add a quarter. teaspoon of kosher salt and a sprinkle of freshly. ground black pepper. Give that a stir to mix it all up. And if you'd like, you can transfer it to a serving bowl and top it with a little. bit more fresh chives so that it's ready to be served. when the tenderloin is done. Okay, back to the beef tenderloin. Preheat your oven to. 425 degrees Fahrenheit or 220 degrees Celsius, and then pat the tenderloin. with a few paper towels to remove any excess moisture. Sprinkle it with one. teaspoon of kosher salt, and a good amount of freshly. cracked black pepper. Rub that in with your hands, flip it over, and then repeat this. process on the other side, making sure the seasoning is. fully coated all over the meat. (gentle upbeat music) Add about two tablespoons of avocado oil to a pan on medium high heat. Give it a swirl to coat the bottom. And once the oil is shimmering and hot, add the beef tenderloin. And see that big four pound, well, mine was actually closer to four and a half pounds of hunky meat, fits perfectly into a 12-inch skillet. Sear the meat for a few. minutes on each side until a nice golden brown crust forms, then use tongs to flip. it and sear another side. This should take about. 10 to 12 minutes total. (gentle upbeat music) Once all the sides have a. beautiful golden brown crust, spoon your herb butter mixture on top. It will start to melt. right away but that's fine. The butter will melt down the edges and the garlic and herbs will stay on top. If you're using a probe thermometer, you can insert it now and then transfer the. whole pan to the oven. In about 15 to 20 minutes, you'll have perfect medium rare meat when the temperature reaches 120 degrees. But if you'd like it cooked to a more medium level of doneness, I've got a temperature chart on the full blog post on my website. The meat is going to smell. amazing when it's done and I know you're gonna. want a slice right into it. But it's really important that you let it rest for 10 to 15 minutes, so that the juices can. redistribute in the meat. That's how you get the most succulent and tender slices of beef tenderloin. But while you're waiting, you can snip the twine and. remove it from around the meat. (gentle upbeat music) After it's rested, use a sharp knife to. slice the beef tenderloin into one-inch thick pieces. Now, I know this doesn't. look medium rare on video, but you'll have to trust me that it is. It's just the studio lights from filming are shining right on it. But you'll see how perfectly pink it is when I change camera angles, like in these shots. It's such a beauty sliced. onto a serving platter with a few extra sprigs of rosemary. It will definitely be the shining star of your holiday party or Christmas dinner. Beef tenderloin is delicious served up with honey glazed carrots, green beans, garlic herb roasted potatoes, and roasted broccoli, or roasted brussel sprouts. And I have recipes for all. of those on my website. But today, I'm just going. to plate a few pieces and top it with the horseradish sauce. It's simple, classic, and literally just melts in your mouth. If you enjoyed today's video, make sure to give it a thumbs up, share it with your family and friends, and I will see you again. next year in the next video. I wish you guys all the. best during the holidays. And I can't wait to see your photos of how this recipe turns out. (gentle upbeat music)