- Hey, everyone. It's Natasha of NatashasKitchen.com, and today, I'm gonna teach you how to make the ultimate chicken pot pie. (funky music) You're gonna love that super. easy flaky, buttery pie crust, and wait until you see the filling. It's unforgettably good. Let's get started 'cause I'm hungry. (hands tapping) We'll start with a rotisserie chicken. You'll need four cups of. cooked, shredded chicken. You can use a store-bought. rotisserie chicken or try the easy recipe that. I'll link to in the notes. This is also a great way. to use leftover chicken or even leftover turkey, and you can use light meat or dark meat to make a chicken pot pie. You can use two forks. or just use your hands to shred the meat into bite-size pieces. Set that aside, and we're gonna do some quick. prep of your vegetables. Thinly slice eight ounces or. half a pound of mushrooms, and brown or white mushrooms are fine. For safer slicing, so the. mushrooms have a flat surface, cut the mushrooms in half. and then thinly slice. It may seem like a lot of mushrooms, but they do shrink down quite. a bit once they're cooked. Set those aside, and now we're gonna chop. up one medium yellow onion. And if you don't already have one, a food scraper makes food prep so easy. This is probably one of my. favorite tools in the kitchen, and I will link to it in the notes. Next, thinly slice two medium carrots. You should have about one. cup of sliced carrots. We love the flavor and texture. of the carrots in here, but make sure you don't. slice them too thick because they won't cook through properly. Another quick tip for. safety when cutting carrots, to make them more. stable, cut them in half, then thinly slice. Next, we'll mince three. large garlic cloves. The easiest way to peel a garlic clove is to first cut off the. end, then smash them, and smashing will help release the skin, so they peel easily. Once your garlic is finely minced, our last bit of prep is to finely chop one-fourth cup of fresh parsley. Once all of your ingredients. are prepped and ready to go, it's time to fire up the stove. Place a large pot or Dutch. oven over medium-high heat and add six tablespoons of butter. This is one of my. favorite Dutch oven pots. It's a five-and-a-half quart, and I will link to it in the notes. Once the butter is melted, add your diced onions. and your sliced carrots. Saute those together. for about eight minutes, stirring occasionally, or. until the veggies are soft. Next, stir in your sliced mushrooms. Then add your minced garlic. (funky music) Continue sauteing those. for another five minutes until the mushrooms are softened. Next, sprinkle the top with one-third cup of all-purpose flour, and stir constantly for about two minutes. The flour should be golden in color, and you're basically making a roux, which will help to thicken up the sauce. Next, add two cups of chicken broth and one-half cup of heavy whipping cream. Bring your mixture to a simmer, then continue cooking for another minute or until the mixture is a. thick gravy consistency. Just before you turn off the heat, add two teaspoons of salt and one-fourth teaspoon of black pepper, or season the mixture to taste. It's important to have. a well-seasoned mixture at this point. Now, add your four cups. of shredded chicken, along with one cup of frozen peas and one-fourth cup of. finely chopped parsley. Stir that together until. it's well combined. Then, take it off the heat. and let it cool slightly as you roll out your pie crusts. We're using two disks of. our homemade pie crust that we made the night before. These have been chilling. in the refrigerator, and homemade pie crust is. the easiest thing to make. You can use store-bought in a pinch, but I highly recommend trying homemade. Check out our easy video tutorial for the best homemade pie crust. I will link to that in the notes. Lightly flour your work surface. Then, roll one chilled pie crust disk into a 12-inch-diameter circle. One of the things we love. about this all-butter pie crust is it's really easy to roll and work with. You want to have a large enough circle to fit your nine-inch pie pan and hang a little bit over the edges. Here's our best tip for. transferring a pie crust into your pan. Lightly dust your rolling pin. with a little bit of flour to keep it from sticking. Then, loosely wrap the dough. around your rolling pin. Now, simply unroll your crust. right over your pie pan. Arrange the dough evenly. into your pie pan, so you have a little bit of. dough hanging over the edges. Then, pour your chicken pot pie filling that has been cooling. slightly over your pie pan. Make sure you get every last drop because everything in here is delicious. Spread the filling. evenly into the pie pan. And you'll be tempted to eat. the filling at this point. It is so tasty. Set that aside, and we're. gonna work on the top crust. Lightly dust your work again with flour and roll the second pie dough disk into a 10-inch diameter circle. Now, transfer that crust the same way and unwrap it directly over the surface of your chicken pot pie filling. Simply line up one edge and unroll. You'll see there's a little. bit of pie crust overhang. That little bit of extra. crust is a good thing. You'll need it to crimp the edges later. So tuck the top crust. under the bottom crust. I like to give the dough a little pinch to help it seal as I go. You can leave the edge like. this for a more rustic look, but crimping the edge is super simple. With one finger, press on the dough, then pinch the dough around it with the two fingers on the other hand. This creates a beautiful fluted edge. If your crimped edge is sticking up above the center of the pie, one trick I learned to keep. it from browning too much is just to pat it down. Next, cut five to six two-inch slits in the center of your pie. This will create vents. for steam to escape, To give the pie a beautiful. golden-brown color when it's baked, we're gonna. brush it with an egg wash. So beat one large egg. Then use a pastry brush. to generously brush it all over the top of the pie. Make sure to also brush. inside the crevices of your fluted edge. Lastly, because this is a savory pie, I love to garnish the top with. a little bit of coarse salt and black pepper. Now, bake the pie in the. center of a preheated oven at 425 degrees Fahrenheit. for about 30 to 35 minutes or until the top crust is golden brown. If you notice the crust. is browning too quickly, you can create a pie shield. You'll need a square sheet of foil. Cut a four-inch diameter circle out of the center of the sheet and place it directly over the pie. (funky music) Once the pie is out of the oven, you'll want to let it. rest for about 15 minutes to cool slightly. Otherwise, the center will be piping hot. The hardest part about. making this pie is the wait. Thankfully, it's not too long. (laughs) I'm so excited. I have waited long enough. The pie is still warm and you want to be. It's gonna be perfect, trust me. Before we slice into this, I love to garnish with. a little bit of parsley, and that's what I love about. the cracked black pepper and the salt on top. Everybody knows it's a savory pie. Oh, yum, yum, yum. I think the first time. my daughter tried this, she was disappointed because. I told her I had a pie. She thought it was a sweet. pie, so she made a funny face. It's time to dig into this. I cannot wait any longer. Okay. We're gonna cut a big slice. Oh, goodness. I'm so hungry. And you can use a store-bought. crust if you really need to, but making a homemade crust is so easy. I mean, watch our video tutorial on this. You'll be impressed how simple it is, and it will beat a store-bought. crust all day long. It's flaky. It's buttery. It's so good. And we use the same pie crust. for sweet or savory pies. It is excellent. It's like our go-to. Actually, it's the only pie crust we use. So good. Okay. Here we go. Big old slice for me. (laughs) I'm excited. Oh yes, getting close. Look at this. It's like chicken in gravy. It is so saucy and loaded. This is the most satisfying. pie you will try. It's so good. And that filling has perfectly thickened, and so it's not gonna fall apart. Okay. I'm going for this. because I'm so hungry. Okay. Here we go. Yum. Look at that. Everything in this is so. delicious and mouthwatering. Mmm. And it's like a meal in itself because it has meat, it. has veggies, it has crust. Okay. Here we go. Mmm. Mmm. This is a home run. (laughs) So good. That crust, it is so flaky and satisfying. And what I love about this pie is the bottom crust does not get soggy. It's kinda weird, but it's perfect. It reheats really well. I'm telling you, you will hope to have. leftovers of this pie because the next day, it's just as good. Score one for Mom. I love the mushrooms in here. They're so tender, and. they add a lot of flavor, so don't skip them unless you. really don't like mushrooms. Add the mushrooms. Maybe you'll change your mind. And then the sweet peas. I love that little sweet. pop of flavor in every bite. The sweet carrots. So much chicken. And the chicken is super. tender in that gravy. It absorbs some of it. Oh, I keep talking about it. I keep thinking about taking my next bite. I can't wait. All right, we gotta... I gotta, okay. We'll see you in our next video.