delicious well hello there welcome . once more to Kwankyewaa 's Kitchen   and if this is your first time stopping by . i'd like to say a very warm akwaaba to you.   fried fish lovers gather here this . recipe is just so perfect i know for sure   you're going to love it. The fish is fragrant, . it is soft on the inside a little bit crispy   on the outside and just absolutely delicious. . So i'm going to start off by cleaning my fish   they came individually wrapped so i'm going . to get them out of the plastic wrap first i'm going to start off by removing the fins from . my fish and i'm using my scissors to just trim   it which is easier and faster. Just like this. . So this particular fish comes partially cleaned   as you could see i had to still remove the fins. . The gills have been removed most of the skill has   also been removed but there's always a little . bit that is stuck on it that you don't want to   fry your fish with so i'm trying to remove those . skills especially from the back of the head   and then once that is thoroughly clean you can . go ahead and say that your fish is really clean   otherwise when you fry it all those skills was . just going to puff up and it's just going to   be sticking on your fish and that is not . presentable or desirable so definitely try   to make sure there's no skill on it even . if it says it's pre-cleaned before you go   ahead now that i've removed the scales i'm . going to remove the gill cover or the flap   if you really like you can also trim off the mouth . but i'm going to leave them off of my fish today   so i'm done cleaning both of them at this . point i'm going to just rinse it off thoroughly   and sometimes a little bit of the fish blood just . settles in the belly after the gas is removed so   that's what i'm just trying to use my scissors to . scrape off which came off easily and now i'm just   going to just set that aside it's rinsed and . then i'm going to clean this other one as well   i'm looking to come out with a very clean . smelling and tasting fish so i'm using a lemon   which i've cut up to just clean my fish . so i squeeze the juices of the lemon   onto my fish now i'm using the halves to just rub . around the fish to make sure that it is very clean   and this way your fish is going to come out not . smelling too fishy if i can say that especially   when you are going to be frying it indoors you . want to try to eliminate as much of the odors as   possible so i'm done doing this i'm going . to give my fish one final rinse and at this   point i can see that my fish has been very well . cleaned and ready to be cut up and fried they're   a little bit wet so i'm going to put them dry . just to make sure that it is perfect for frying   so just like this and now that they are thoroughly . dried i'm going to go ahead and cut it up   and of course you want to cut it up according . to the portions you want your fish to come in and once i'm done cutting them up i'm just . going to score it a little bit just like this   this allows it to just fry a little bit crispier   and of course the marinade or the seasoning is . going to seep into your fish a lot better this way   the middle part of course has two open ends . already so i just make one incision into it   so is the head since it has all those openings . and that is pretty much it i cut the other one up   as well scored them as well and now i'm . just going to transfer them into my bowl   to get them marinated right let's season our . fish to start i'm going to add some salt to this generous amount you want it to be very very . well seasoned i've added some onion powder   now i'm adding just a little bit of ginger . powder as well you want this to have a little   kick of spice some black pepper as well and . just a little bit of cayenne pepper well i   hope you are getting the drift at this point you . know this is red snapper rivery bougie fish okay   it has to live up to its name at the end of . the day when it's served it has to be tasty   look perfect just as you would expect red stamper . to be so i'm going to make sure that every part   of it is well seasoned and with that i'm going . to make sure i'm i'm rubbing some of my marinade   into all cavities as you can just see me do so the . head part and everything make sure that it is very   very well covered with your marinade this is just . perfection okay and at this point when i'm done   with it i'm just going to set it aside and then . start heating my oil this is fish it doesn't need   that much time to marinate but of course you . can let it sit a while in your fridge just to   let the flavors mingle and seep in a little . bit more but this is enough marinade on it   that i can just go ahead and fry this . and it's going to be perfect anyway   we are going to be deep frying the fish so i have . some oil here in my pan it is just about heating   up i'm adding in here some few sprigs of raspberry . this way it's going to infuse all the fragrance   into the oil before it even starts to heat up the . fresh is going to end up being tastier smell good   and of course the aroma in your house is going . to be a little bit less fishy i'm going to add   a little bit of flour to my fish just to give it . a little bit of coating this is what is going to   bring that crispiness to the outer part of your . face so very little dusting of flour is all i   added in here and because it has a little bit of . bit of moisture it's going to cling to it and that   is just going to be the perfect way you want it . to be so i'm adding just a little extra dusting of   flour and at this point i think it's perfect i'm . just going to make sure that it is well covered   onto my fish and just wait for my oil to be heated . up and then we can go ahead and fry it very simple   i've put some holes into these two fresno . chilies i'm going to add them in my oil they   infuse just beautiful fragrances into your fish . or your meat when you have them in the oil and   right after i did that i'm going to start frying . my fish so it's going to just heat up and infuse   as the fish fries of course you want the oil to . be very very hot sizzling hot before you start   introducing your fish into it because otherwise . the fish is going to soak up some of that oil and   you don't want that we want this fish to come . out perfect very very crispy on the outside a   little bit juicy or moist in the inside but you . don't want the juices to be the oil no you don't   want it to be filled with oil once your fish has . fried for about five to six minutes you want to   go ahead and start flipping them or turning . them so the other side gets to cook as well after frying the other side for about four minutes . i like to just go ahead and be turning my face   just to give every part of it a little bit of . crispness to it so you want to make sure that   the parts that we're not lean directly into the . oil get a chance to also fry up beautifully and   golden and that is pretty much it all it takes . is about 10 to 12 minutes your fish is perfectly   fried and now i'm just going to transfer them onto . a plate lined with paper towel and then i'll go   ahead and fry the other part that i didn't get to . fry but just look at how gorgeous this is as you   can see it looks very plump it is no way dry very . very crispy on the outside the aramis here this is   fried fish but my house is not smelling terrible . because the rosemary and of course the peppers is   taking care of some of that this is just perfect . you will love this i know for sure i'm going to   fry the head parts now i normally leave that . for the last because sometimes they just bring   out some juices that change the color of your fish . so if i've cut them into portions i always try to   fry the head part last and today they turned out . perfect but it's always good to air on the side   of caution so i'm going to bring them out of the . oil at this point it is perfectly fried also just   look at how beautiful this is very very quick very . simple but everybody is going to know that there   is a little bit of something different about this . fish okay and that is what we aim to achieve you   want people to wonder oh what did she put in there . what could it be and as you saw these are very   simple ingredients all natural very good for you . but look at the results and of course we are going   to have this with a little bit of kenkey because . kenkey and fried fish are a perfect combination.   Kindly hit that like button for me and i'll . be very honored if you will share this video   as well. And until i come your way next time with . something delicious, be loving, be kind, be happy