(soft music playing) - Hello, beautiful people. My friends and family, greetings. I hope you all are doing fantastic. Today on the menu is a simple. yet decadent pepper steak here with rice. It is family approved. My children absolutely love it. You and your family are also going to just totally fall in love with this. simple yet decadent recipe. I cannot wait to get started. but before we continue, I know you're already loving this video, so why don't you give me a thumbs up? Your girl is trying here. You need to encourage me to keep bringing you some more good stuff. So, give me a thumbs. up and let's continue. First, let's wash our hands. To begin, let's quickly. go over the ingredients. I have some fresh produce here. I have a green and red bell pepper. I also have one large onion,. three cloves of garlic, about half the size of. my thumb ginger peeled. Now I will be creating a glaze like effect on my meat today. And for that, I'm going. to be needing some honey. This is pure organic honey. I also have some oil. And this is my cornstarch. And I have my chicken seasoning, crushed black pepper, and some soy sauce. This is a combination of. light and dark soy sauce. And of course we can make. pepper steak without the steak. So, the steak is representing. The flank cuts of the steak, and it is very tender. when it is stir fried. So it's the best option. for stir frying by the way. And as you can see the. strands of the muscle are going in a horizontal direction. So to slice it, we're going to slice it against that direction to get really tender. melt in your mouth cuts. First, let's prep our vegetables. All right, friends, the time has come to layer our flavors, and marinate this meat, and get that part going. So I have my meat. It's ready and cut into very thin slices. They're gonna be juicy,. and melt in your mouth. And you're going to cook with really beautiful crusty outer layer. I have some crushed black pepper, and it's really coarsely crushed just now, just before I started. cooking I like to do that 'cause you get the most flavor. And then here is my soy sauce. I'm going to use half. of the entire amount. I have my chicken seasoning. Corn starch. Half of the entire amount again. We're going to create a slurry. So I'm going to use part. of it to create the slurry. Here is the honey. And last but certainly. not the least is our oil. And this is olive oil. Let's not forget our ginger, and garlic. Leave half to prepare the vegetables. You can already tell this is. going to be very flavorful. Nothing better than fresh garlic, and fresh ginger combination on top of a meat like this. You know your stir fry is going to be, mmh, so, so good. For the slurry we're. going to need some water. Corn starch. A little bit of crushed black pepper, and all soy sauce. The remainder of the soy sauce that is. And whisk to combine. Make sure that you don't have any lumps of cornstarch in here. This is going to be a delicious slurry that's going to thicken, and create a sauce around pepper steak. It's nice and smooth, and we're going to get a. really rich color from it. Perfect. So friends, I have a skillet. ready to go onto the stove. I'm going to turn the. heat on to a medium heat. This is what I'm going to. be cooking the meat in, why? Because it's a non-stick, but it's a safe kind of. non-stick cooking ware. So I'm going to cook the meat in it first, transfer it, and then cook the vegetables. And then we'll combine it with the slurry. A small amount of oil. Bring it to a piping heat level, and then we'll place the meat in it. We're gonna get a really beautiful crust. (meat sizzling) (soft music playing) Alright, here we have it. Our steak is ready. It's glossy, it's juicy. And it's absolutely flavorful. I wish you were here to. really smell the aroma. So that portion is done. Now let's work on our vegetables, and finished cooking this pepper steak. (soft music playing) The remainder off the. ginger and the garlic mince. Crushed black pepper. And a little salt. (soft music playing) Fresh garlic and ginger on fresh produce such as these peppers it's a combination made in heaven. Really enhances the. flavor of the vegetables. If you don't like vegetables, trust me cooking your vegetables this way will make you have a change of heart. Now comes all the vegetables. One thing you do not wanna do is over cooked your. garlic and your ginger. You'd want them to still. have that freshness. Look at those colors, oh,. so mouthwatering already. As this stage you can cook your vegetables to your preferred doneness. I really liked a crunch, so I'm not going to. over cook my vegetables. I also want to maintain the vibrant color, 'cause I eat with my eyes first. And I know you all do too. (chuckles) To preserve the vibrant. color of these vegetables I have my heat on the highest level. So I'm cooking on very high heat. Now you're going to add our slurry. Give it a quick stir, 'cause the corn starch has now. settled on the bottom of it. Do a quick stir, pour it in. And it will quickly start thickening. And it comes to a glaze, see that. We're done. We're going to add our meat now. Now here comes the meat. (soft music) Beautiful glaze and a sauce. It has a bit of sweetness. And just like that, our pepper. steak is done. It's ready. A quick taste. Oh, wow! I promised simplicity and yet decadence, and I think we just did exactly. There is that slight bit. of background sweetness that we gained from adding. the honey from the beginning. It is not overpowering. sweetness, believe me, it rather enhances the umami. Umami is a savory glutamate tastes, okay. And it really enhances that taste. Now there is also the. crushed black pepper, which really takes these. flavors to the next level. And not to talk about the. crunchiness of the vegetables, you can see it even before. you put it in your mouth. (soft music playing) Friends, lunch is served, and I have the perfect bite right here. Some pepper, onion, and. of course the stake. And I cannot wait to dig in. I hope this recipe was. simple enough for you. And you also found it to be a decadent one that you're inspired to try. for you and your family. Please be sure to give me a thumbs up if you enjoyed this video. And also don't forget to share. Continue to spread the word. Tell a friend to tell another. Thank you so much for joining us today. I hope to see you soon. And as always make it a. great day and have fun, especially in the kitchen. Mmh, so good. So good. (soft music playing)